   2 
   1 	5 v. ; 38 cm.
   6 	Additional manuscripts include notes of meetings of the Académie des sciences (France) in 1786, taken by Auguste Denis Fougeroux de Bondaroy; two letters by Félix Vicq-d’Azyr, including one of July 1793, urging that the Académie des sciences not be closed by the revolutionary government of France; and correspondence or notes by Jean-Antoine-Claude Chaptal, Antoine Maugard, and Louis Bernard Guyton de Morveau.
   6 	Also included are portraits of Lavoisier, mainly engravings, with one watercolor portrait of him copied from an engraving originally done by Allix around 1820; a bound manuscript of maps of lands belonging to Mme. Lavoisier as of 1791; artifacts that formerly belonged to Antoine Lavoisier or Mme. Lavoisier; and ephemera such as Lavoisier postage stamps.
   1 	Also included is a letter from Ernst Curtius to Theodor Heinrich Travers (November 14, 1845).
   6 	Also, a manuscript enumerating the charges against François Joseph Ghislain, with a refutation for each charge. One of the charges concerns a sum that Antoine Laurent Lavoisier drew from the treasury for the Academy of Sciences.
   6 	Includes 138 leaves of photocopies of manuscripts in France’s Archives nationales; ca. 85 drawings, proofs, and final plates for Lavoisier’s Traite Elémentaire de Chemie; and a catalogue of the books in the personal library of Lavoisier and his wife, Marie-Anne-Pierrette Lavoisier.
   1                - Also needs images of same
   1               - & Image of just engraving
   1               - Also needs image of whole page
   1               - Also needs images of same engraving
   1  - Notes: In English.
   1  - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection
   1  - Summary: Photograph album (leather-bound, with clasps) with carte-de-visite photographs of members of the Class of 1871 and selected faculty members. Includes a key to the student photographs.
   1  2 maps on 1 sheet ; 20 x 21 cm. and 19 x 19 cm., on sheet 46 x 28 cm., folded to 23 x 27 cm
   1  4 v. ; 23 cm.
   1  500/2:  :  a Author's autograph on several leaves.
   1  500/3:  :  a Ms. contains novellae (on Talmud), liôkuôtim (on Maimonides), responsa (correspondence with various contemporary legal authorities).
   1  580/3:  :  a Also issued <1900-1915> was vol. covering senior class called: Class book (sometimes Cornell class book), cataloged separately. --  :  a For 1876/77 there are two different volumes, one pub. by Kappa Alpha, Alpha Delta Phi and Psi Upsilon fraternities, and one by the Secret Societies; for 1877/78 there are one pub. by the three fraternities and one by Zeta Psi with title The Carnelian.
   1  Additional manuscripts include notes of meetings of the Académie des sciences (France) in 1786, taken by Auguste Denis Fougeroux de Bondaroy; two letters by Félix Vicq-d’Azyr, including one of July 1793, urging that the Académie des sciences not be closed by the revolutionary government of France; and correspondence or notes by Jean-Antoine-Claude Chaptal, Antoine Maugard, and Louis Bernard Guyton de Morveau. 
   1  Also included are portraits of Lavoisier, mainly engravings, with one watercolor portrait of him copied from an engraving originally done by Allix around 1820; a bound manuscript of maps of lands belonging to Mme. Lavoisier as of 1791; artifacts that formerly belonged to Antoine Lavoisier or Mme. Lavoisier; and ephemera such as Lavoisier postage stamps.
   1  Also, a manuscript enumerating the charges against François Joseph Ghislain, with a refutation for each charge. One of the charges concerns a sum that Antoine Laurent Lavoisier drew from the treasury for the Academy of Sciences. 
   1  Includes 138 leaves of photocopies of manuscripts in France’s Archives nationales; ca. 85 drawings, proofs, and final plates for Lavoisier’s Traite Elémentaire de Chemie; and a catalogue of the books in the personal library of Lavoisier and his wife, Marie-Anne-Pierrette Lavoisier. 
   1  Jazz musicians of the 80s: poster, with group photograph of 1980s jazz musicians, all identified, signed by the photographer. Photographer: Anthony Barboza; Designer: Clemente Ettrick.
   1  col. map 34 x 40 cm.
   1  col. map 89 x 84 cm. folded to 23 x 11 cm.
   1 "Feline Forum: A, B, C's of Vitamin Nutrition…"
   6 "Lavoisier Manuscript Collection, #4712, box 13: Mme. Lavoisier's preliminary sketches and plate proofs for plates I as subsequently published in her husband's Traite elementaire de chimie 1789). Item numbers 13.1-13.6."   ---   
  16 "Lavoisier Manuscript Collection, #4712, boxes 14 and 15:  Mme. Lavoisier's preliminary sketches and plate proofs for plates II and III as subsequently published in her husband's Traite elementaire de chimie (1789).  ltem numbers 14.1-14.9 and 15.1-15.7."
  18 "Lavoisier Manuscript Collection, #4712, boxes 16 and 17: Mme. Lavoisier's preliminary sketches and plate
  16 "Lavoisier Manuscript Collection, #4712, boxes 18 and 19: Mme. Lavoisier's preliminary sketches and plate proofs for plates Vlll and IX as subsequently published in her husband's Traiti d'elementaire de chimie (1789).
  21 "Lavoisier Manuscript Collection. #4712, boxes 20 and 21: Mme. Lavoisier's preliminary sketches and plate proofs for plates X and XI (Box 20) and XII and XIII (Box 21) as subsequently published in her husband's Traite elementaire de chimie (1789). Item numbers 20.1-20.12 and 21.1-21.11."
   1 "Lavoisier Manuscript Collection. #4712, boxes 20 and 21: Mme. Lavoisier's preliminary sketches and plate proofs for plates X and XI (Box 20) and XII and XIII (Box 21) as subsequently published in her husband's Traite elementaire de chimie (1789). Item numbers 20.21-0.12 and 21.1-21.11."
   1 "Preliminary Sketch for Water Front at the Termination of Venice Ave., no date, colored pencil on blueprint, matted, 24"h x 29"w, Urban America catalog, pp.16-17; no date, pencil on trace"
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, February 2009
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, February 2010
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, February 2011
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, February 2012
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, February 2013
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, July 2009
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, July 2010
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, July 2012
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, October 2009; 2009 Annual Report
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, October 2010; 2010 Annual Report
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, October 2011; 2011 Annual Report
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, October 2012; 2012 Annual Report
   1 'Scopes: News from Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine, Summer 2011
   1 (CStRLIN)NYCX1400612B
   1 (Hoover Presidential Library 1923-25), available at: http://chnm.gmu.edu/history/faculty/kelly/archive/welcome.htm
   1 (ambrotype) would not have dents. It reacts to a magnet----glass does not.
   1 -  Summary: 	Transcriptions or translations of works concerning alchemy, made in London in 1845, and signed by C.W.H. Included are an English translation of the "Liber lucis" or "Liber de confectione veri lapidi philosophorum" by the French Franciscan friar and alchemist Jean de Rocquetaillade (in Latin Johannes de Rupescissa), dictated by him during his imprisonment in Avignon by Pope Innocent VI between 1356 and his death in 1366, and first published in 1561 (p. 1-72); an English translation of "Nota quod magister Arnaldus de Villa Nova dedit hanc receptam pro amore Dei Magistro Hospitalis S. Iohannis de Ultra Mare ad dimicandum contra Saracenos" (p. 73-146); an English translation of part three of "Annulus Platonis (Aurea catena Homeri)", titled "The third book of the transmutation of metals" (p. 147-199); a manuscript captioned "These next following processes are from the B. v. André, which have been sent to him from my friend in order to prove them" (p. 200-220); a treaty of alchemy published in 1680 and titled "Monumenta sapientiae, that is, Records of Ancient Chemycal Writings" (p. 221-461); and "Aquilla hermetica," a manuscript in English that sets forth principles of alchemy and the nature of matter and of metals (p. [462-478]).
   1 - 1 Poster, Jazz Musicians of the 80s
   1 - 1 piece missing #5279 - 1 1/4  (2nd column from left, top item)
   1 - 13 cassette tapes
   1 - 13 photographs
   2 - 14 photographs
   1 - 160 photographs
   1 - 168 photographs
   1 - 177 photographs
   1 - 198 photographs
   1 - 25 photographs
   1 - 30 photographs
   1 - 32 photographs
   1 - 43 photographs
   1 - 44 photographs
   1 - 69 record albums
   1 - 83 jazz photographs (of varying sizes & types)
   1 - A total of 83 items, processed there were 7 folders and tubes, and 76 pieces.  Per Tatyana Petukhova, Conservator.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - Provenance: Naylor collection
  21 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 box of photos marked as Martin Luther King, brought to Conservation for treatment on 4/24/2013 by Anne Carson - Michele Hamill will verify total numbers and types of photos included before treating, jmb 4/24/2013
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total,  this is the last of the 18 to come for treatment. - Individual description as follows:  Large (thick) album (with a mirror (broken) on the cover and a music box inside).  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  "Sears Photo Treasure Chest" with period photos within.  This is an elaborate box used to store photos in four individual flip style albums.  These came with the following information:  "Family photos, 1960-1980 of a Washington, D.C. family" .  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Album release as a "Fern-Album", each page contains a mat which is described on the pastedown at the front of the album.  The cover carries the title "Our Friends".  It appears to be a "reused" album and now contains only tintypes which, for the most part, do not fit into the existing mats.  There is also loose business card at the front which is marked "Black tyntypes & Dags or epemera (I believe this is a misspelling of Ephemera, jmb 10/19/2012)
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Black vinyl photo album, pages a sleeves with black paper as background, the album is heat welded together in signatures, and lays flat.  This album contains, photographs, postcards, tintypes, hand & printed manuscript materials.  Front cover of album appears to have been "stuck" on something prior to receipt here.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Brown paper covered album, mocked leather appearance, and is a post binding.  There is a medallion stamped in gold in center of front cover, which appears to be a vase of violets.  The words "41st Engineer Regiment" has been marked on the front cover in what appears to be red paint.  Album contains multiple photograph of military personnel, equipment and unidentified locations.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Brown typical photo album with black sheets for mounting, bound with cord. Blind stamped and also stamped with gold at center with word "Photographs".  Photos contained have been inserted using standard photo corners, pressure sensitive and some glued.  Both endsheets, front and back, have photos glued to them.  Also included with this album were 12 loose photos.  Ret'd to home dept 12/19/2012, signed for by Anne Carson, RMC.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Dark gray semi-marbled paper over board binding, referred to inside as an "Easy-Mount Photo Album", produced by Eagle Line National.  This is spiral bound album, with embossed black paper covered with a sleeve of plastic, open at top and bottom.  Contains multiple photos, including one 8x10 which is not secured in the album.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Green typical photo album with black sheets for mounting, bound with cord.  Photos contained have been glued into the book, and some adhered with pressure sensitive tape.  They are arranged in an unusual manner, and have also been glued to the endsheet on the verso of the front cover.  Apparently some items were removed by cutting the sheet as they probably couldn't be removed any other way without destroying the photographs.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Presentation/Display Book by Itoya® , marked as Acid, PVC, & Lignin Free, Archival Safe.  Photos are slip into pocket style pages with black paper as backing.  There is a note inside the album "FORTY EIGHT PHOTOGRAPHS FROM A FAMILY THAT LIVED IN THE AREA OF CINNCINATTI. 1920-1930. MANY ARE ID'D ON THE BACK. UNUSUAL GROUP FROM A WELL TO DO SEEMINGLY HAPPY FAMILY."  I disagree with that note, and put the Post-it note in stating " I count 49 photos & the written postcard", jmb 10/22/2012 -- Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Small photo album (16.c x 23.5 cm), stubbed and hinged with cords.  The covers appear to have been laminated with plastic, hinges appear to be of paper with the appearance of leather.  Standard black paper pages used, separated with tissue sheets.  Fly leaves & pastedowns of sprinkled paper, appear to be quite acidic.  Photos contained within.   Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Small photo album (17 x 25 cm), both boards missing, but "bound with cord".   Standard black paper pages, but are so deteriorated that bits are continually separating, and has therefore been placed in a secured bag for safety.  Appears to contain only photos.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Small photo album (18.2 x 29 cm),  paper over boards blind stamped to appear as leather, bound with cords.  Standard black paper pages.  Loose items at front include one tintype, one post card, eight photos. 5 groups and 3 individual newspaper clippings.  Photos are glued onto pages.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Small photo album (18.5 x 28.5 cm),  paper over boards blind stamped to appear as leather, bound with cords.  Standard black paper pages.  A hand written "business size" card is loose inside front cover.  Photos are glued onto pages.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Spiral bound self adhesive photo album which contains multiple photographs, and one portrait style photograph which has been hand-colored.  The cover of this album depicts an antique style map illustration with "Typvs Orbis Terrarvm" at the top of the front cover.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows: Both are marked as "Panel Print Album", Washington, D.C.  The first on has the number "946" on the verso of all the photos that are secured within the album, there are 2 loose photos at the end of this one, one appears to be from another album of this type, but is marked with the number "235" on the verso, the other loose one is a Kodacolor print dated week ending April 7, 1956.  The second album, all photos are secured within and marked on the verso number "947".   Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 18 albums in total, of which 17 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows: Small photo album (13.5 x 19.7 cm) with cloth over boards, tied with cord.  Both the Brazilian and American flags appear on front cover with a palm tree between, all of which appears to have been painted on the covering.  Photos and postcards within album, some pages embrittled to the point of breaking off.  Separating sheets of tissue show a design of spider web embossed into sheets.   An identification card of "Ancient Order of the Deep" bearing the name of Harold Johnson received loose within the album.   Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 25 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:    Two boys in fancy dress, one with pinstriped pantaloons, both with lace collars and holding hats, full-length portrait, side by side. Approx. 10 x 7 in. Gilt wood frame.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 25 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Man with moustache, gray suit, bust portrait. Mounted on bowed board. Approx. 10 x 13 in., oval. Convex bowed glass, gilt wood frame.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 25 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Two "tough" men in suits, one holding a bicycle, the other with a revolver held in the direction of the latter man, both with cigars clenched in their teeth, full-length portrait, side by side. Approx. 9 x 16 in. Mounted on bowed board. Convex bowed glass, gilt wood frame.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 25 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Two girls, one in a blue dress with blue socks, the other in a white dress with white socks, seated full-length portrait, side by side. Approx. 12 x 8 in. Mounted on bowed board. Convex bowed glass, gilt wood frame.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 25 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Two men in uniform, one with his arm around the other's shoulders, standing in a field of flowers, full length portrait, side by side. Approx. 14 x 8 in., lozenge shaped. Convex bowed glass, gilt wood frame.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 25 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Two women, one in black with red flower on shoulder, the other in blue with white collar, bust portrait, side by side. Approx. 13 x 8 in. Mounted on bowed board. Convex bowed glass, gilt wood frame.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 25 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Very large woman, black blazer, salmon blouse, bust portrait. Approx. 13 x 10 in . Convex bowed glass, wood frame.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 25 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Man in vest and cap standing on a streetcar or train, full length portrait. Mounted on bowed board. Approx. 9 x 15 in., oval. Convex bowed glass, silver wood frame.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 25 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:  Young man, navy suit and tie, bust portrait. Mounted on bowed board. Approx. 15 x 9 in., lozenge-shaped. Convex bowed glass, gilt wood frame with label of Mid South Portrait Agency, Opelousas, La.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 25 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows: Smiling woman leaning on table, holding handbag, brown dress, flowers on table, colorful painted backdrop, full length portrait.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Baby seated in highchair, blue dress, holding a basket, on a lawn, full-length portrait. Approx. 9 x 14 in.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Boy and girl standing, the boy in short pants and coat, the girl in white dress with enormous bow in hair, holding a book, sepia tones.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Former slave Aunt Caroline Blanton, ca. 1915, 8 x 10 in. hand-colored, by Sue E. Fox.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Former slave Uncle Billy Buck Porter, ca. 1915, 8 x 10 in. hand-colored, by Sue E. Fox. They are accompanied by detailed biographical information on the subject.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Man in W. B. Moses & Sons doorman uniform, bust portrait. Approx. 9 x 15 in., oval.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Man in black ovetcoat, gray cap, full-length, black and gray tones, background painted to look like smoke or fog. Approx. 19 x 13 in.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Man in military uniform, black and gray tones, full length.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Old woman seated in fancy wicker chair, blue dress, a white blanket over her knees, 19 x 13 in.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Post-mortem infant in white dress, eyes closed, holding an object, bust portrait,
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Post-mortem toddler in pink dress, bust portrait, approx. 8 x 14 in.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Two women, one in pink gown, the other in matching blue gown, full length portrait, side by side. Approx. 12 x 8 in.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Woman holding roses, blue skirt, white blouse with lace collar, cameo brooch, seated.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Woman with black hat and blue dress, bust portrait.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Young man wearing coat, hat and tie, bust portrait.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 1 of 27 hand-colored portraits total, of which 10 were brought to Conservation for treatment on 10/17/12 by Anne Carson - Individual description as follows:   Young woman, blue pleated dress, white lace collar, bust portrait. Mounted on bowed board.  Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - Box 1 contains 20 items (1 has 2 images) - Box 2 contains 12 items - Combined total is 32 items, containting 33 images  -- Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - Individual description as follows:   -  Cased tin type of 3 men, appear to be from the Civil War era by their clothing
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - Individual description as follows:   -  Cased tintype of soldier from the Civil War era in uniform
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - Individual description as follows:   -  Tin type of a young women in a frame with a hanging ring
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - Individual description as follows:   -  Tintype of woman in fancy wooden frame
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - Individual description as follows:   - Cased tintype of man apparently from the Civil War era according to clothing
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - Individual description as follows:   - Framed portrait of a man
   2 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - Individual description as follows:   - Muybridge prints from the African American series.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - Individual description as follows:   Mathew Brady & the Civil War   --  There is a total of 65 items in this box.  54 items (not including portfolio cover).  4 items are matted.  Others are in plastic folders & envelopes.  1 portfolio entitled:  "Mathew Brady Portfoliuo of eminent Americans"  The portfolio states there are 12 photos, but there are only 11 sheets in the portfolio, one of the sheets is a contents, so there are actually on 10 photos.
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection- Individual description as follows:
   1 - African American photograph collection  - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection.  -  Cased images: Early Tintypes (23)                                 (JOB # 12597)
   1 - African American photograph collection - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes:  In English and French.
   2 - African American photograph collection - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French.
  10 - African American photograph collection - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection
   1 - African American photograph collection - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection.  -  Cased images: Daguerreotypes and Ambrotypes (10)    (JOB # 12605)
   1 - All photos were taken after treatment.
   1 - Black Borders ( a pamphlet)
   1 - Books bound in Riviere & Son binding.  Full leather, probably goat, heavily tooled in gold on spine, boards, board edges, endcaps, and paste downs.  Pastedown of green leather, also heavily tooled in gold.  Sewn on what appears to be 5 raised cords.  Edges trimmed all around, and dipped in gold.  Has endbands of multi colored threads.
   1 - Bound in armorial sheep for Jacques Auguste de Thou, with his arms and those of his first wife Marie de Barbançon-Cany on the covers, and their monogram on the spine. Armorial bookplate.
   1 - Brady 2" letter box, unidentified: 1 Tintype, 6 Daguerreotypes - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing - Returned to RMC, 3/27/2103, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - Brady 3" letter box unidentified - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing - Returned to RMC, 3/27/2103, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - Brady Ambrotypes - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing - Returned to RMC, 3/27/2103, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - Brady cases without images - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing - Returned to RMC, 3/27/2103, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - Collection consists of personal and professional correspondence, letterbooks, addresses, biographical data, diaries, scrapbooks, school notes and textbooks, syllabi, lectures and outlines, typescript papers and articles, printed material, policy directives, card files, sample contracts, projects files and reports, slides, photographs, negatives, plans, blueprints, drawings, charts, and maps relating to Nolen’s work in city planning, preservation, survey projects, zoning, and extension programs
   1 - Description: 1 vocal score (291 p.) ; 28 cm.
   1 - Description: 1 volume.
   1 - Description: 5th ed. enl. and improved.
   1 - Description: 9 v. ports., facsims. 22 1/2 cm.
   1 - Description: Phim khrang thī 1.
   1 - Description: [100] leaves : ill. ; 18 cm
   1 - Description: [220] leaves ; 21 cm. (4to)
   1 - Electronic Access: Image database    http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/Birds/
   1 - Ephemera
   1 - Jobs
   3 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned.
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.10 no.12 	Woodcock, William P., 	Supreme Court, County of Westchester. William P. Woodcock, Jr., M. D., against George J. Fisher, M. D.; proceedings at the trial of the above entitled cause, at White Plains, Westchester County, September, 1873. Compiled from notes of D. E. Mc Ewen, Steno 	1873
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.103 no.9    Balch, Lewis, 1847-1909.  Review of the second trial of Jesse Billings, Jr., for the murder of his wife : tried at the Saratoga oyer and terminer, Balston, Saratoga county, April, 1880 : being chiefly a review of the medical testimony 	1881
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.11 no.6 	Wright, Uriel. 	Joab Bernard, trustee of Anne Carson, Anne Carson and John B. Carson, her husband vs. John B. Clark and others. 1858 - v.11 no.9 	Coburn, Edward Otis, b. 1830, 	Complete report of the trial of Edward O. Coburn, and Benjamin F. Dalton : for the manslaughter of William Sumner / by the reporter of the Times. 1856  - v.11 no.10 	Cooke, McLaurin F. 	Report of the trial of McLaurin F. Cooke, submaster of the Eliot School, of the City of Boston, for an assault and battery upon Thomas J. Wall, a pupil of that school : with the arguments of counsel, and the opinion of the court reported in full ; careful 	1859 - v.11 no.12 	Chandler, Peleg W. (Peleg Whitman), 1816-1889. 	Review of the D'Hauteville case : recently argued and determined in the Court of General Sessions, for the City and County of Philadelphia / by a member of the Boston bar. 1841
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.14 no.2	Bingham, John Armor, 1815-1900.  Trial of the conspirators, for the assassination of President Lincoln, &c. : Argument of John A. Bingham, special judge advocate, in reply to the arguments of the several counsel for Mary E. Surratt, David E. Herold, Lewis Payne, George A. Atzerodt, Micha 1865 - v.14 no.8	McKiever, James.  Papers and testimony, in the matter of the contested election case in the fourteenth assembly district of the county of New York ; James McKiever vs. Charles H. Whalen. 1869 - v.14 no.17	Swinburne, John, 1820-1889. Poisoning by aconite : Synopsis of the trial of Hendrickson for the murder of his wife ; the letter of T.G. Geoghegan ... ; also, a snyopsis of four cases, by the same ; the McGrath poison case of Pittsburgh, Pa. ; the collation of forty-five cases from R  1862
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.17 no.7  Gowen, Franklin B. (Franklin Benjamin), 1836-1889. 	Argument of Franklin B. Gowen, esq., of counsel for the commonwealth : in the case of the Commonwealth vs. Thomas Munley, indicted in the Court of oyer and terminer of Schuylkill county, Pa., for the murder of Thomas Sanger, a mining boss, at Raven Run, o 	1876 - v.17 no.8  Kehoe, John, 1837-1878,  Report of the case of the commonwealth vs. John Kehoe et al., members of the Ancient order of Hibernians, commonly known as "Molly Maguires." Indicted in the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for Schuylkill County, Penna., for an aggravated assault 1876 - v.17 no.13  Drexel, Catharine. 	... Edward E. Marvine vs. Catharine Drexel, Francis A. Drexel and John D. Lankenau, executors, and Francis A. Drexel, heir-at-law of Francis M. Drexel, deceased. In equity. July term, 1866. 	1866 - v.17 no.14  Brewster, Benjamin Harris, 1816-1888. 	Inviolability of telegraphic dispatches : Argument before the judges of the Court of common pleas for the county of Dauphin, in the state of Pennsylvania, in the matter of the Commonwealth vs. Kemble et al. in Re Western union telegraph company sur subpoe 	1873
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.24 no.8    Beecher trial : a review of the evidence ; reprinted from the New York Times of July 3, 1875 ; with some
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.27 no.5   Pierce, Aratus F. b. 1842.   Trial of Aratus F. Pierce, at Lockport, N. Y., for the murder of Wm. Bullock. Eighth judicial district, Court of Oyer and terminer, Charles Daniels, presiding; Lorenzo Webster and G. L. Judd, associate justices. 1871 - v.27 no.6   New York Medico-legal Society. Committee on Criminal Abortion. 	Report of the Committee on Criminal Abortion / New York Medico-Legal Society. 1872 - v.27 no.12  Walworth parricide : a full account of the astounding murder of Mansfield T. Walworth, by his son, Frank H. Walworth, with the trial and conviction of the parricide, and his sentence for life to the state penitentiary at Sing Sing. 1873 - v.27 no.13  Stokes, Edward S., 1841-1901. 	Murder of James Fisk, Jr., with the trial of Edward S. Stokes : Also, sketches of Fisk, Stokes, and Helen Josephine Mansfield, and various incidents in the lives of New York celebrities. 	 - v.27 no.15   Dumollard, Martin, d. 1862, 	Dumollard the fiend : he violates fifteen young girls, steals their clothes and buries them alive : a full account of his trial and conviction. 1862
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.32 no.2    Brief sketch of the trial of William Lloyd Garrison : for an alleged libel on Francis Todd, of Newburyport,  - v.32 no.4    Report of the trial of James M. Williams for the alleged murder of Vanness Wyatt : at Warren, N.H., July
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.35 no.14    Mumler "spirit" photograph case : argument of Mr. Elbridge T. Gerry, of counsel for the people, before Justice Dowling, in the preliminary examination of Wm. H. Mumler, charged with obtaining money by pretended "spirit" photographs, May 3d, 1869 / Reporte
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.43 no.11 	Butler, Benjamin F. (Benjamin Franklin), 1818-1893.  Speech of General Butler, against further delays in the trial of impeachment in the Senate sitting on the trial of Andrew Johnson, president of the United States, Thursday, April 16, 1868 which was denominated by Mr. Evarts, one of the President's counsel...	1868 - v.43 no.12 	United States. President (1865-1869 : Johnson)  Argument of George S. Boutwell : one of the managers on the part of the House of Representatives before the Senate of the United States sitting for the trial of Andrew Johnson, President of the United States, impeached of high crimes and misdemeanors Apri... 	1868
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.45 no.16 	Stuart, Sidney H. Prussian forgery case : The People of the state of New York vs. Theodore Peitmann, Antoine Garvacci, and others. Opinion and decision of Justice Stuart. November 1852.  - v.45 no.23 	Bennett, Joshua. 	... James L. Van Ingen, against Joshua Bennett ... 	1856 - v.45 no.26    Van Daniker, John. Report of the trial of John Van Daniker : on a charge of embezzlement, in his capacity as conductor on the Philadelphia & Erie Rail Road, (Pennsylvania R.R. co., lessee,) before his Honor John P. Vincent : May Session, 1867.
   1 - Law Pamphlets including cited Law Trials are to be scanned. - v.48 no.5   Davis, Charles G. (Charles Gideon), 1820-1903. 	United States vs. Charles G. Davis : report of the proceedings at the examination of Charles G. Davis, Esq., on a charge of aiding and abetting in the rescue of a fugitive slave. Held in Boston, in February, 1851. - v.48 no.6   Aves, Thomas. 	Case of the slave-child, Med : Report of the arguments of counsel, and of the opinion of the court, in the case of Commonwealth vs. Aves : Tried and determined in the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts. 	1836 - v.48 no.9  Rogers, Ammi, 1770-1852. 	Report of the trial of Ammi Rogers, for a high crime and misdemeanor, in a brutal and high handed assault on the body of Asenath Caroline Smith, of Griswold, Con. Before the Hon. Asa Chapman ... at New Haven, on the 5th, 6th, and 7th days of October, 1820  - v.48 no.16   Ridland, John. 	In the Court for the trial of impeachments and the correction of errors : Between John G. Coster, Lewis Larue, and Joseph Sands, assignees of the Columbian insurance company, respondents, and John B. Murray and James B. Murray, appellants. Case agreed on  1822
   1 - Mathew Brady salt Prints - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing - Returned to RMC, 3/27/2103, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - Needed for Exhibit:  REX044
   2 - Needed for Exhibit: REX044
  11 - Needed for Surrealism and Magic Exhibition, Fall 2014
   1 - Needed for Surrealism and Magic Exhibition, Fall 2014 - Notes: 	            Provenance: Bookplate of André Breton.
   1 - Needed for exhibit: The Lincoln Presidency: Last Full Measure of Devotion Oct. 20, 2009 to Apr. 16, 2010
   1 - Notes: 	           Provenance: Bookplate of André Breton.
   1 - Notes: 	CLL copy of v. 6: London, J. F. Rivington, 1776.
   1 - Notes: Binder’s title: Mechanical engineering at Vienna, 1873. Bookplate: Robert Henry Thurston; inscription on t.p.: R.H. Thurston.
   1 - Notes: Bound in leather with gilt printing and decoration, laid within blue leather case, lined in red satin.
   1 - Notes: Brittle.
   1 - Notes: From the Beresford-Hope collection. Provenance: A.D. White (bookplate)
   4 - Notes: Hittite.
   1 - Notes: In Thai, title also in English.
   1 - Notes: In pink paper wrappers.
   1 - Notes: Manuscript note on inside cover: Liber Monasterij Sancti Ioha[n]nis Bapatiste i[n] Oldestad. Contemporary stamped leather binding over wooden boards; metal clasps.
   1 - Notes: Provenance: Frederick V. Coville (signature).
   1 - Notes: bound in publisher’s cloth
   1 - Poster, Anthony Barboza Jazz Selects, 2 copies
   1 - Pt. 5 Printed for the Companie of Stationers, 1605.
   1 - Pt. 6-10 Printed for the Companie of Stationers,  1607-24.
   1 - Publisher Number: 25,518 HL H. Lemoine
   1 - Publisher Number: L.G. 3681 H. Lemoine
   1 - Removed from book:  Comparative bird census a Washington, D.C.
   7 - Ret'd to home dept, signed for by Anne Carson, RMC on 6/5/2013
   1 - Shelf List notes:  Engraved t.-p.  Vols. 1-4 dated 1823; v.5-6, 1824; v.7, 9, 1827; v.8, 1824.  John Sanderson's name appears as as above on t.-p. of v.1-4.   Vols. 1-2 edited by John Sanderson, v.3-6 by Robert Waln, Jr.; v.7-9 are without editor's name, but were edited by Henry D. Gilpin, according to statement in MRs. Eliza Gilpin's Memorials of Henry D. Gilpin, Philadelphia,  1860, pt.194.  Voumes numbered on the half-titles.  A list of authors of the biographies (originally published in the New York Times)  may be found in Proc. of Mass. Hist. Soc. , 1876-1877 [v.15] p. 393.
   2 - Sullivan Brady Daguerreotypes - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing - Returned to RMC, 3/27/2103, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 - Summary: 	Approximately 100 commemorative textiles, buttons, photographs and other emphemera relating to United States presidential campaigns, United States military, World’s Fairs, as well as other events from the late 19th century through the early 21st century.   - Table runner, commemorative flag, & pillow case from: Lucinda Cawley political and commemorative textiles collection
   1 - Summary: 1,000 black-and-white and color photographs of prominent jazz musicians, African-American artists, dancers, writers, and the New York Scene, 1970s-1990s; 200 tech sheets from studio portrait shoots; 27 transcripts of interviews with jazz musicians (various drafts); 24 original recordings of interviews on audio tapes; 1 original tape of Henry Threadgill’s Very Very Circus "Makin a Move"; 56 pieces of jazz and photograph ephemera, 1980s and 1990s including alternative museum announcements, jazz concerts, party invitations, promotional materials from artists, show announcements, postcards of artwork; 6 buttons; 2 posters from photo exhibitions, 1990s; "Black Borders" (book). 
  19 - Summary: 1,000 black-and-white and color photographs of prominent jazz musicians, African-American artists, dancers, writers, and the New York Scene, 1970s-1990s; 200 tech sheets from studio portrait shoots; 27 transcripts of interviews with jazz musicians (various drafts); 24 original recordings of interviews on audio tapes; 1 original tape of Henry Threadgill’s Very Very Circus "Makin a Move"; 56 pieces of jazz and photograph ephemera, 1980s and 1990s including alternative museum announcements, jazz concerts, party invitations, promotional materials from artists, show announcements, postcards of artwork; 6 buttons; 2 posters from photo exhibitions, 1990s; "Black Borders" (book). Jazz musicians of the 80s: poster, with group photograph of 1980s jazz musicians, all identified, signed by the photographer. Photographer: Anthony Barboza; Designer: Clemente Ettrick.
   1 - Summary: Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. - Notes: In English and French. - RMC A&S grant for rehousing/Loewentheil African American Collection - 2 black boxes 1900-1930s; Military 1940s-1970s brought to Conservation for treatment on 4/24/2013 by Anne Carson - Michele Hamill will verify total numbers and types of photos included before treating, jmb 4/24/2013
   1 - Summary: Historical letters, documents and ephemera relating to American presidential campaigns from George Washington to Barack Obama. Newspapers include issues of the New York Times from Nov. 23-26, 1963, focusing on the assassination of President Kennedy and its aftermath.
   1 - Summary: Includes correspondence, often illustrated and including anecdotes and descriptions of expeditions, with ornithologists, fellow artists, and naturalists, especially on the subject of bird coloration and "concealing coloration"; personal correspondence on the Savage Club of Ithaca; and letters to his daughter, Mary Fuertes Boynton, from Fuertes' friends and colleagues about Fuertes and his work. Student notes, notebooks, journals and sketchbooks; diaries; journals from expeditions, many including sketches; notes; articles by and about Fuertes; photographs of Fuertes; photographs taken by him on expeditions to South America, Mexico and the Caribbean; photographic negatives of Fuertes' sketches; color proofs of reproductions of Fuertes' paintings; and several sketchbooks. Artwork includes over 1,000 pieces, most of which are pencil, ink, or preliminary watercolor sketches of birds, groups of birds, and anatomical details; over 100 are finished watercolors and chalk drawings. Includes Fuertes' pocket knife. Major correspondents include Richard E. Bishop, Mary Fuertes Boynton, Courtenay Brandreth, Frank M. Chapman, Elliot Coues, E.H. Forbush, Witmer Stone, George Miksch Sutton, Abbott Thayer and Hendrik Willem van Loon.
   3 - Summary: Includes squeezes of the Res Gestae from the Monumentum Ancyranum (a very precious copy as the monument itself is much deteriorated since then), squeezes from Hittite inscriptions (they are published in Hittite Inscriptions, by Benson Brush Charles, the only volume produced by the Expedition), and a few other pieces that will require further identification
   1 - Summary: Includes squeezes of the Res Gestae from the Monumentum Ancyranum (a very precious copy as the monument itself is much deteriorated since then), squeezes from Hittite inscriptions (they are published in Hittite Inscriptions, by Benson Brush Charles, the only volume produced by the Expedition), and a few other pieces that will require further identification 		- Notes: Hittite. 		- Treatment batch #4
   1 - Summary: Includes squeezes of the Res Gestae from the Monumentum Ancyranum (a very precious copy as the monument itself is much deteriorated since then), squeezes from Hittite inscriptions (they are published in Hittite Inscriptions, by Benson Brush Charles, the only volume produced by the Expedition), and a few other pieces that will require further identification 		- Notes: Hittite. 		- Treatment batch #5
   1 - Summary: Includes squeezes of the Res Gestae from the Monumentum Ancyranum (a very precious copy as the monument itself is much deteriorated since then), squeezes from Hittite inscriptions (they are published in Hittite Inscriptions, by Benson Brush Charles, the only volume produced by the Expedition), and a few other pieces that will require further identification 		- Notes: Hittite. 		- Treatment batch #6
   1 - Summary: Letter on his law office stationary, written to his seven-year old namesake, with a portrait photograph. - In frame which reveals both sides of both items
   1 - Summary: Manuscript benedictional on vellum in a 14th-century hand, rubricated, and containing many decorated initials and some music. Text ends (on leaf 83v): ... praecipue pro benefactoribus et fratribus nostri monasterii. Written 17-21 lines to a page, with leaves 65 and 84 blank. The first two leaves appear to be a later addition to the manuscript, and contain a number of prayers, in two different hands, the first on leaves 1r-2r, and the second on leaf 2v. Bound in yellow pigskin with brass clasps, bosses, and corner guards.
   1 - Summary: Slave ledger used to record expenses for the purchase, hire, and "maintenance" of slaves.
   1 - This is c.3 of this title.
   1 - This piece marked:  
   1 - Transcripts
   1 - Treatment batch #1
   1 - Treatment batch #2
   2 - Treatment batch #3
   1 - Volumes : 1st-3rd (1833-1835) Notes: With this is bound the Proceedings of the Anti-slavery meeting held in Stacy Hall, Boston, of the twentieth anniversary of the mob of October 21, 1835. Boston, R.F. Wallcut, 1855; and the Proceedings of the State Disunion convention held at Worcester, Massachusetts, January 15, 1857. Boston, 1857.  - Volumes : 11th-21st (1843-1853) Notes: With this is bound the Proceedings of the Anti-slavery meeting held in Stacy Hall, Boston, of the twentieth anniversary of the mob of October 21, 1835. Boston, R.F. Wallcut, 1855; and the Proceedings of the State Disunion Convention held at Worcester, Massachusetts, January 15, 1857. Boston, 1857.
   1 - Volumes : text - Supplements: Atlas v.1-2  -  Notes: No. 77. Provenance: Huntington Free Library; Hispanic Society of America (bookplate)
   1 - item no. 1 on list
   1 - item no. 10 on list
   1 - item no. 11 on list
   1 - item no. 12 on list
   1 - item no. 13 on list
   1 - item no. 14 on list
   1 - item no. 17 on list
   1 - item no. 18 on list
   1 - item no. 19 on list
   1 - item no. 2 on list
   1 - item no. 20 on list
   1 - item no. 21 on list
   1 - item no. 22 on list
   1 - item no. 3 on list
   1 - item no. 4 on list
   1 - item no. 5 on list
   1 - item no. 6 on list
   1 - item no. 7 on list
   1 - item no. 8 on list
   1 - item no. 9 on list
   1 - letter from William, dated 9/4/1863
  36 - sent for scanning, picked up by Rhea Garen, 6/4/2013
   1 - v. 1 treated
   1 - v.13 no.4 Review of the case, the people agt. Rev. Henry Budge, indicted for the murder of his wife Priscilla Budge ... and the judge's charge in the civil action of Henry Budge agt. Caleb Lyon, for libel ... / by John Swinburne. 1862
   1 - v.26 no.4 Argument of William F. Herrin in the case of Sharon vs. Sharon, upon the defendant's appeal from the order refusing a new trial. Delivered in the Supreme court of California, May 3, 1889.
   1 - v.6 no.1 Report of the Forrest divorce case : containing the full and unabridged testimony of all the witnesses, the affidavits and depositions, together with the Consuelo and Forney letters. 1852
   1 --  Item returned to RMC on 10/3/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 --  Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on Fredrika Loew, 4/30/2013
   1 --  Returned to RMC and signed for by Fredrika Loew 4/30/2013
   1 --  Returned to RMC and signed for by Fredrika Loew on 4/30/2013
   1 --  Returned to RMC and signed for by Fredrika Loew on 5/16/2013
   1 --  Unable to locate this copper plate on Voyager 7/23/2012,  jmb...  I'm just leaving the call number as Margaret Nichols gave it to us in 2009
   3 -- For Egypt Exhibit, April 2013
   1 -- Maps used by Lavoisier and Paulze in their work as fermiers-généraux, [ca. 1745-1775]
   1 -- Returned to RMC 8/5/2010 due to Fire Safety Project, worksheet refiled
   1 1 linear foot 	 Notes: 	English Restrictions: 	Access to the collections in the Kheel Center is restricted. Please contact a reference archivist for access to these materials. 	This collection must be used in keeping with the Kheel Center Information Sheet and Procedures for Document Use.
   1 1 map : col., dissected in 2 pieces ; 98 x 136 cm., in sections 98 x 69 cm. and 98 x 67 cm.
   1 1 print : color ; image 68 x 48 cm (sheet 73 x 52 cm). 	 In: 	Arthur H. and Mary Marden Dean Lafayette collection
   1 1 typewritten letter signed by Helen Keller
   1 1-[16], 1920-S 1935; n.s., no. 1-4, autum/winter 1935/1936-summer 1936--   ---Volumes : 1928:no.10 <includes plates 1,6,11-12,14-15>; 	1929:no.1 <includes plates 2-3,15>; 	1929:no.2 <includes plates 2,4,6,9-11,13-15,17>; 	1929:no.4 <includes plates 2,5,7-9,13,17-18>; 	1929:no.5 <includes plates 3-4,6,8-13,15-18>; 	1929:no.6 <includes plates 2,5-6,8,15,16>; 	1929:no.7 <includes plates 1-2,6,9-10,12-14,14,17,18>; 	1929:no.8 <includes plates 1,1,2,2,4,6,6,7,7,11,11,12, 	13,15,15-18>; 	1929:no.9 <includes plates 1,2,2,6,8,10-12,12-15, 17-18>; 	1929:no.10 <includes plates 2-3,5,12,16-18>; 	1929:no.11 <includes plates 2,5,7-8,10,10,12,14-16, 18>; 	1930:no.1 <includes plates 2,6,8,10,15-17>; 	1930:no.2 <includes plates 1-2,6-7,9,17,17>; 	1930:no.3 <includes plates 3,3,8,15,17>; 	1930:no.4 <includes plates 1-18>; 	1930:no.7 <includes plates 1-7,9,12-15>; 	1930:no.9 <includes plate 15>; 	1930:no.10 <includes plates 4,8,15>; 	1931:no.1 <includes plates 2,11-12>; 	1931:no.4 <includes plates 5,7,13>; 	1931:no.6 <includes plates 1-8,11-12,14-16>; 	1931:no.9 <includes plate 8>; 	1931:no.10 <includes plates 1-4,6-12,15>; 	1931:no.11 <includes plates 1,3,5-9,11-13,15>; 	1932:no.1 <includes plate 6>; 	1932:no.2 <includes plates 1,6>; 	1932:no.3 <includes plates 1-6,9-11,14-15>; 	1932:no.4 <includes plates 5-10,13-16>; 	1932:no.6 <includes plate 1>; 	1932:no.7 <includes plates 1-12,14-16,18>; 	1932:no.9 <includes plate 7>; 	1932:no.10 <includes plates 1-8,10-16>; 	1932:no.11 <includes plates 1-14,16>; 	1933:no.2 <includes plates 12,16>; 	1933:juil <includes plates 1-2,2-6,6,8,9,9-16>; 	1933:sept. <includes plates 1,3,9-10,14>; 	1933:oct. <includes plates 1-2,4,4-16>; 	1933:dec. <includes plates 1-16> Supplements: 	Folder <includes advertisements and one plate> Notes: 	Duplicate numbers indicated by repeated numbering. 1932:no.7:plates 8,10 permanently located in the Administrative Office, Mann Library.
   1 1. Nanias, M.; Chinchio, M.; Pillardy, J.; Ripoll, D.R.; Scheraga, H.A., Proc. Natl. Acad.Sci. USA, 2003, 100, 1706. 2. Nanias, M.; Chinchio, M.; Oldziej, S.; Czaplewski, C.; Scheraga, H.A., J. Comp. Chem., 2005, 26, 1472.
   1 1000
   1 1001
   1 1002
   1 1003
   1 1004
   1 1005
   1 1006
   1 1007
   1 1008
   1 1009
   1 1010
   1 1011
   1 1012
   1 1013
   1 1014
   1 1015
   1 1016
   1 1017
   1 1018
   1 1019
   1 102
   1 1020
   1 1021
   1 1022
   1 1023
   1 1024
   1 1025
   1 1026
   1 1027
   1 1028
   1 1029
   1 1030
   1 1031
   1 1032
   1 1033
   1 1034
   1 1035
   1 1036
   1 1037
   1 1038
   1 1039
   1 1040
   1 1041
   1 1042
   1 1044
   1 1045
   1 1046
   1 1047
   1 1048
   1 1049
   1 105
   1 1050
   1 1051
   1 1052
   1 1053
   1 1054
   1 1055
   1 1056
   1 1057
   1 1058
   1 1059
   1 1060
   1 1061
   1 1062
   1 1063
   1 1064
   1 1065
   1 1066
   1 1067
   1 1068
   1 1069
   1 1070
   1 1071
   1 1072
   1 1073
   1 1074
   1 1075
   1 1076
   1 1077
   1 1078
   1 1079
   1 1080
   1 1081
   1 1082
   1 1083
   1 1084
   1 1085
   1 1086
   1 1087
   1 1088
   1 1089
   1 1090
   1 1091
   1 1092
   1 1093
   1 1094
   1 1095
   1 1096
   1 1097
   1 1098
   1 1100
   1 1101
   1 1102
   1 1103
   1 1105
   1 1106
   1 1107
   1 1108
   1 1109
   1 1110
   1 1111
   1 1112
   1 1113
   1 1114
   1 1115
   1 1116
   1 1117
   1 1118
   1 1119
   1 1120
   1 1121
   1 1122
   1 1123
   1 1124
   1 1125
   1 1126
   1 1127
   1 1128
   1 1129
   1 1130
   1 1131
   1 1132
   1 1133
   1 1134
   1 1135
   1 1136
   1 1137
   1 1138
   1 1139
   1 114
   1 1140
   1 1141a
   1 1141b
   1 1141c
   1 1142
   1 1143
   1 1144
   1 1145
   1 1146
   1 1147
   1 1148
   1 1149
   1 1150
   1 1151
   1 1152
   1 1153
   1 1154
   1 1155
   1 1156
   1 1157
   1 1158
   1 1159
   1 1160
   1 1161
   1 1162
   1 1163
   1 1164
   1 1165
   1 1166
   1 1167
   1 1168
   1 1169
   1 1170
   1 1171
   1 1172
   1 1173
   1 1174
   1 1175
   1 1176
   1 1177
   1 1178
   1 1179
   1 1180
   1 1181
   1 1182
   1 1183
   1 1184
   1 1185
   1 1186
   1 1187
   1 1188
   1 1189
   1 1190
   1 1191
   1 1192
   1 1193
   1 1194
   1 1195
   1 1196
   1 1197
   1 1198
   1 1199
   1 12
   1 1200
   1 1201
   1 1202
   1 1203
   1 1204
   1 1205
   1 1206
   1 1207
   1 1208
   1 1209
   1 121
   1 1210
   1 1212
   1 1213
   1 1214
   1 1215
   1 1216
   1 1217
   1 1218
   1 1219
   1 1220
   1 1221
   1 1222
   1 1223
   1 1224
   1 1225
   1 1226
   1 1227
   1 1228
   1 1229
   1 1230
   1 1231
   1 1232
   1 1233
   1 1234
   1 1235
   1 1236
   1 1237
   1 1238
   1 1239
   1 1241
   1 1242
   1 1243
   1 1244
   1 1245
   1 1246
   1 1247
   1 1248
   1 1249
   1 1250
   1 1251
   1 1252
   1 1253
   1 1254
   1 1255
   1 1257
   1 1258
   1 1259
   1 1260
   1 1261
   1 1262
   1 1263
   1 1264
   1 1265
   1 1266
   1 1267
   1 1268
   1 1269
   1 1270
   1 1271
   1 1272
   1 1274
   1 1275
   1 12750-1 - Disbind volume and treat the page marked "Battle of Antietam"  Oct. 11, 1862 (front page)
   1 12750-2 - Loose issues, treat pg. 305 "envisioned Pennsylvania" of August 1, 1863.
   1 12750-3 - Disbind volume and treat the pages marked  "2 pages Dec. 5, 1863"  & center image "Dedication Ceremony"
   1 1276
   1 1277
   1 1278
   1 1279
   1 1280
   1 1281
   1 1282
   1 1283
   1 1284
   1 1285
   1 1286
   1 1287
   1 1288
   1 1289
   1 129
   1 1290
   1 1291
   1 1292
   1 1293
   1 1294
   1 1295
   1 1296
   1 1297
   1 1298
   1 1299
   1 13
   1 1300
   1 1301
   1 1302
   1 1303
   1 1304
   1 1307
   1 1308
   1 1309
   1 1310
   1 1311
   1 1312
   1 1313
   1 1314
   1 1315
   1 1316
   1 1317
   1 1318
   1 1319
   1 1320
   1 1321
   1 1322
   1 1323
   1 1324
   1 1325
   1 1326
   1 1327
   1 1328
   1 1329
   1 1330
   1 1331
   1 1332
   1 1333
   1 1334
   1 1335
   1 1336
   1 1337
   1 1338
   1 1339
   1 134
   1 1340
   1 1341
   1 1342
   1 1343
   1 1344
   1 1345
   1 1346
   1 1347
   1 1348
   1 1349
   1 1350
   1 1351
   1 1352
   1 1353
   1 1354
   1 1355
   1 1356
   1 1357
   1 1358
   1 1359
   1 1360
   1 1362
   1 1363
   1 1364
   1 1365
   1 1366
   1 1367
   1 1368
   1 1369
   1 1370
   1 1371
   1 1372
   1 1373
   1 1374
   1 1375
   1 1376
   1 1377
   1 1378
   1 1379
   1 138
   1 1380
   1 1381
   1 1382
   1 1383
   1 1384
   1 1385
   1 1386
   1 1387
   1 1388
   1 1389
   1 1390
   1 1391
   1 1392
   1 1393
   1 1394
   1 1395
   1 1396
   1 1397
   1 1398
   1 13th Annual Fred Scott Feline Symposium, July 27-29, 2001
   1 1401
   1 1402
   1 1403
   1 1404
   1 1405
   1 1406
   1 1407
   1 1408
   1 1409
   1 1410
   1 1411
   1 1412
   1 1413
   1 1414
   1 1415
   1 1416
   1 1417
   1 1418
   1 1419
   1 1420
   1 1421
   1 1422
   1 1423
   1 1424
   1 1425
   1 1426
   1 1428
   1 1430
   1 1431
   1 1432
   1 1433
   1 1434
   1 1435
   1 1436
   1 1437
   1 1438
   1 1439
   1 1441
   1 1442
   1 1443
   1 1444
   1 1445
   1 1446
   1 1448
   1 1449
   1 1450
   1 1451
   1 1452
   1 1453
   1 1454
   1 1455
   1 1456
   1 1457
   1 1458
   1 1459
   1 1460
   1 1461
   1 1462
   1 1463
   1 1464
   1 147th New York Volunteer Infantry, September 22, 1862 - June 7, 1865 : the Oswego Regiment : a documentary history / compiled by Thomas J. Ebert. Clovis, Calif. : T.J. Ebert, 2009.
   1 1480
   1 15th Annual Fred Scott Feline Symposium, July 25-27, 2003
   1 16th Annual Fred Scott Feline Symposium, July 30-August 1, 2004
   1 17th Annual Fred Scott Feline Symposium, July 29-31, 2005
   1 1869/70
   1 187
   1 1873-1874
   1 1874/75
   1 1875/76
   1 1883/84
   1 1884/85
   2 1885/86
   1 18th Annual Fred Scott Feline Symposium, July 28-30, 2006
   1 19 v. tables (part. fold.) 21 cm. & atlas of pl., 49 maps, 45 plans. 42 cm.
   1 195
   1 1st Annual Feline Specialist Seminar, Cornell University, August 7-11, 1989
   1 2 Photographs
   1 2 p. l., 14 [2]p., [7] 119 plates ; 48 cm.
   1 2 v. in 1
   1 20th Annual Fred Scott Feline Symposium, July 25-27, 2008
   1 21. Man, seated, one hand on thigh, the other clenched, sixth plate tin type
   1 21st Annual Fred Scott Feline Symposium, July 24-26, 2009
   1 226th American Chemical Society (ACS) National Meeting, New York City
   1 227
   1 22nd Annual Fred Scott Feline Symposium, July 23-25, 2010
   1 236
   1 23rd Annual Fred Scott Feline Symposium, July 29-31, 2011
   1 242
   1 24th Annual Fred Scott Feline Symposium, July 22-29, 2012
   1 250
   1 251
   1 256
   1 257
   1 259
   1 265
   1 266
   1 292
   1 305
   1 307
   1 309
   1 312
   1 313
   1 314
   1 323
   1 328
   1 331
   1 333
   1 334
   1 336
   1 337
   1 343
   1 347
   1 349
   1 350
   1 360
   1 361
   1 363
   1 4
   1 4 Items sent for treatment: (1) Certificate of membership, Societas Medica Washintoneinsis, 1830 (2) Commission as Brigade Surgeon, 1862 (3) M.D. degree, 1830 (4) Certificate of membership, Society of Medicine & Chirurgery of Maryland, 1830
   1 4 v., [2] leaves of plates (1 folded) : geneal. tables (engravings)
   1 40
   1 4th Annual Feline Practitioners Seminar, August 1992
   1 4th ed.
   1 4th ed. edited and enl. by Edwin Norris
   1 4th ed., cor., with many additional notes and references of and to modern determinations.
   1 500/1:  :  a Ms., in a Sephardi hand.
   1 585
   1 588
   1 589
   1 590
   1 591
   1 592
   1 593
   1 594
   1 595
   1 596
   1 597
   1 598
   1 599
   1 5th Annual Feline Practitioners Seminar, Cornell University, August 6-9, 1993
   1 6
   1 6. ed.  
   1 60
   1 600
   1 601
   1 602
   1 603
   1 604
   1 605
   1 606
   1 607
   1 608
   1 610
   1 611
   1 612
   1 613
   1 614
   1 615
   1 616
   1 617
   1 618
   1 619
   1 620
   1 621
   1 622
   1 623
   1 624
   1 625
   1 626
   1 627
   1 628
   1 629
   1 630
   1 631
   1 632
   1 633
   1 634
   1 635
   1 636
   1 637
   1 638
   1 639
   1 640
   1 642
   1 643
   1 644
   1 645
   1 646
   1 647
   1 648
   1 649
   1 650
   1 651
   1 652
   1 653
   1 654
   1 655
   1 656
   1 657
   1 658
   1 659
   1 660
   1 661
   1 662
   1 663
   1 664
   1 665
   1 666
   1 667
   1 668
   1 669
   1 670
   1 671
   1 672
   1 673
   1 674
   1 675
   1 676
   1 677
   1 678
   1 679
   1 680
   1 681
   1 682
   1 683
   1 684
   1 685
   1 686
   1 687
   1 688
   1 689
   1 690
   1 691
   1 692
   1 693
   1 694
   1 695
   1 696
   1 697
   1 698
   1 6th Annual Feline Practitioners Seminar, Sheraton Inn, Ithaca, New York, August 4-8, 1994
   1 700
   1 701
   1 702
   1 703
   1 704
   1 705
   1 706
   1 707
   1 708
   1 709
   1 710
   1 711
   1 712
   1 713
   1 714
   1 715
   1 716
   1 717
   1 718
   1 719
   1 720
   1 721
   1 722
   1 723
   1 724
   1 725
   1 726
   1 727
   1 728
   1 729
   1 730
   1 731
   1 732
   1 733
   1 734
   1 735
   1 736
   1 737
   1 738
   1 739
   1 740
   1 741
   1 742
   1 743
   1 744
   1 745
   1 746
   1 747
   1 748
   1 749
   1 750
   1 751
   1 752
   1 753
   1 754
   1 755
   1 756
   1 757
   1 758
   1 759
   1 760
   1 761
   1 762
   1 763
   1 764
   1 765
   1 766
   1 767
   1 768
   1 769
   1 770
   1 771
   1 772
   1 773
   1 774
   1 775
   1 776
   1 777
   1 778
   1 779
   1 780
   1 781
   1 782
   1 783
   1 784
   1 785
   1 786
   1 787
   1 788
   1 789
   1 79
   1 790
   1 791
   1 792
   1 793
   1 794
   1 795
   1 796
   1 797
   1 798
   1 799
   1 8 p. £., 62, 65-377 numb. £., [79] p. 31 cm.
   1 8. White child holding black rag doll and two white women, quarter plate ambrotype. This fascinating ambrotype shows a white child holding a black rag doll.  
   1 800
   1 801
   1 802
   1 803
   1 804
   1 805
   1 806
   1 807
   1 808
   1 809
   1 810
   1 811
   1 812
   1 813
   1 814
   1 815
   1 816
   1 817
   1 818
   1 819
   1 820
   1 821
   1 822
   1 823
   1 824
   1 825
   1 826
   1 827
   1 828
   1 829
   1 830
   1 831
   1 832
   1 833
   1 834
   1 835
   1 836
   1 836_Erratum
   1 837
   1 838
   1 839
   1 840
   1 841
   1 842
   1 843
   1 844
   1 845
   1 846
   1 847
   1 848
   1 849
   1 850
   1 851
   1 852
   1 853
   1 854
   1 855
   1 856
   1 857
   1 858
   1 859
   1 860
   1 861
   1 862
   1 863
   1 864
   1 865
   1 866
   1 867
   1 869
   1 870
   1 871
   1 872
   1 873
   1 874
   1 875
   1 876
   1 877
   1 878
   1 879
   1 880
   1 881
   1 882
   1 883
   1 884
   1 885
   1 886
   1 887
   1 888
   1 889
   1 890
   1 891
   1 892
   1 893
   1 894
   1 895
   1 896
   1 897
   1 898
   1 899
   1 8th Annual Feline Practitioners Seminar, Cornell University, July 26-29, 1996
   1 900
   1 901
   1 902
   1 903
   1 904
   1 905
   1 906
   1 907
   1 908
   1 909
   1 910
   1 911
   1 912
   1 913
   1 914
   1 915
   1 916
   1 917
   1 918
   1 919
   1 920
   1 921
   1 922
   1 923
   1 924
   1 925
   1 926
   1 927
   1 928
   1 929
   1 930
   1 931
   1 932
   1 933
   1 934
   1 935
   1 936
   1 937
   1 938
   1 939
   1 940
   1 941a
   1 941b
   1 941c
   1 942
   1 943
   1 944
   1 945
   1 946
   1 947
   1 948
   1 949
   1 950
   1 951
   1 952
   1 953
   1 954
   1 955
   1 956
   1 957
   1 958
   1 959
   1 960
   1 961
   1 962
   1 963
   1 964
   1 965
   1 966
   1 967
   1 968
   1 969
   1 970
   1 971
   1 972
   1 973
   1 974
   1 975
   1 976
   1 977
   1 978
   1 979
   1 980
   1 981
   1 982
   1 983
   1 984
   1 985
   1 986
   1 987
   1 988
   1 989
   1 990
   1 991
   1 992
   1 993
   1 994
   1 995
   1 996
   1 997
   1 998
   1 999
   1 A Monograph. University Press of Florida (2004)
   1 A. Kundu, N. Mingo, D. A. Broido, D. A. Stewart, Phys. Rev. B, 84, 125426 (2011)
   1 A. Ward, D. A. Broido, D. A. Stewart, and G. Birner, Physical Review B, 80, 125203 (2009)
   1 AAPG Bulletin, vol. 80, p. 1459-1482, 1996
   1 AAPG Bulletin, vol. 84, p. 1340-1364, 2000
   1 ACS Nano, 2010, 4 (7), pp 3735–3742
   1 ADVANCED MATERIALS, 20 (22): 4353-4358 NOV 18 2008
   1 ADVANCED MATERIALS, 22 (33): 3677-+ SEPT 1 2010
   1 AMEWS Newsletter. May 1997.
   1 AQUAVET: A Program in Aquatic Animal Medicine
   1 AVMA report on veterinary compensation. [Schaumburg, Ill.?] : American Veterinary Medical Association, 2013.
   1 Academy of Management Annals 7, no. 1 (2013): 193-243
   1 Academy of Management Annals, 9: No. 1, 291–335.
   1 Academy of Management Annual Meeting Proceedings (2006)
   1 Academy of Management Journal 50, no. 4 (August 2007): 799-820
   1 Academy of Management Journal 52, no. 6 (2009): 1222-1246
   1 Academy of Management Journal 53, no. 6 (December 2010): 1441-1473
   1 Academy of Management Review 32, no. 3 (July 2007): 925-945
   1 Access to the collections in the Kheel Center is restricted. Please contact a reference archivist for access to these materials. 	This collection must be used in keeping with the Kheel Center Information Sheet and Procedures for Document Use.
   1 Accounts, broadsides, correspondence, estimates, memoranda, maps, newspaper clippings, and other papers. 	The earliest papers, 1828-1843, cover the years when Cornell worked in Ithaca and travelled for Barnaby and Mooers plows. They include letters, accounts, and other papers concerning his employment by Jeremiah Beebe, the owner of a flour and plaster mill on Fall Creek in Ithaca, N.Y. and his other business interests in Ithaca. Family letters contain information about his work, plans and opinions; news about his growing family; and reports of events in Ithaca. After 1838, there is considerable detail about Cornell’s travels in Maine and Georgia, selling Barnaby and Mooers plows. 	Papers, 1843-1860, relate to the promotion, construction, and investment in telegraph lines in the eastern and midwestern United States and Canada, and include contracts, lists of stockholders, briefs of legal cases, accounts, financial statements and reports, broadsides, pamphlets, and sketches; a series of letters from Samuel F.B. Morse; material relating to the construction of the first telegraph line from Washington to Baltimore; and material relating to Cornell’s construction and operation of other lines. The papers reveal the difficulties of construction and maintenance, and the conflicts between investors. Of particular interest is the material dealing with the beginnings of Western Union (1854-1855). 	There are also papers relating to Cornell’s agricultural interest in purebred stock and in the Tompkins County and New York State Agricultural Societies; his interest in coal lands and coal oil in Pennsylvania; his building of the Cornell Library in Ithaca; his interest in the Casacadilla health resort; and to his promotion of the growth of Ithaca. 	After 1860 the papers relate to local, state, and national politics; his election to the New York State Legislature; the Albany Agricultural Works; the development of railway lines including the Utica, Ithaca, and Elmira Rail Road, the Geneva & Ithaca Rail Road, the Ithaca & Cortland Railroad, and the Erie Railroad; correspondence with and relief efforts for Civil War soldiers. 	Correspondence, drawings and maps, and other papers pertaining to the conception, founding, and construction of Cornell University, with particular reference to Andrew Dickson White, the first President. 	Diary/memo books include information ranging from the weight of cattle to genealogical tables, personal accounts, and notes on western lands, as well as his legislative career and the founding of the university. 	Includes glazed pitcher and two large pots crafted by Elijah Cornell, father of Ezra Cornell. 	Major correspondents include Mary Ann Cornell, Alonzo B. Cornell, Daniel B. Cornell, Samuel F.B. Morse, Jeremiah Beebe, J.J. Speed, D.T. Tillotson, Amos Kendall, F.O.J Smith, Andrew Dickson White, Hiram Sibley, F.M. Finch, and Phebe Wood.;"A History of Spring Day," by R.E. Bishop, reprinted from the Cornell Era, 1909; Spring Day cutout, 1910; thirteen photographs of Spring Day in 1911, taken by Herbert B. Reynolds, Class of 1911. Spring Day Scoop, 1942. Official Spring Day Programs, 1926, 1939. 	"Clever Cleo" and "Hero Nero" pins from Spring Day, 1938. Also Cornell pin attached to football. Presented in memory of Reverend John Ross Burns Byers, Jr., Class of 1946. 	Also a film of Spring Day 1913. Includes the parade reviewed from Eddy St. Gate, ceremonies and side shows at Scheollkopf, Freshman soap box derby, Cornell baseball game. Silent, fair condition. 7” tin container.;Financial records include vouchers relating to the construction of Sage College, 1875; vouchers relating to the Sage Fund, 1872-1876; four check books and bank book relating to the Sage Fund; ledgers; and contract for Sage College Bridge. Early advertisements, notices, and circulars of the Sage College at Cornell University, including the proceedings of the laying of the corner stone and "Sage Maidens of Cornell University," from Demorest’s Family Magazine, 1891. 	Also, "Specifications and materials and work required for The Sage College, to be erected by the trustees of the Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y." includes Mason’s and Carpenter’s specifications, "Bill of Quantities," and "Methods of Jointing in Wood," and "Trusses," keyed to the plans. Also, set of 12 architectural plans, dated June 15, 1872, and printed by the American Photo-Lithographic Co.
   1 Active Photonic Materials IV, 8095, Sept 12, 2013, 80951-80959
   1 Adam Neale, Travels Through Some Parts of Germany, Poland, Moldavia, and  Turkey, (London: Longman, Hurst, Rees, Orme and Brown, 1818), pp. 161-163, reprinted  in Alfred J. Bannan & Achilles Edelenyi, eds., Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp. 122-125.
   1 Administrative Science Quarterly (December 2003): 655-689
   1 Administrative Science Quarterly 50 (June 2005): 314-317
   1 Administrative Science Quarterly 58, no. 1 (March 2013): 111-148
   1 Adv. Mater. 2009, 21, 2536-2539
   1 Advancing Veterinary Medicine Through Research
   1 Against the Grain, 15(6), 24-26, Jan 2004
   1 Agarwal, Praveen, Sung A. Kim, and Lynden A. Archer. "Crowded, Confined, and Frustrated: Dynamics of Molecules Tethered to Nanoparticles." Physical Review Letters. Print.
   1 Agronomy Mimeo 75-20, 1975, 40 pp.
   1 Al-Arabiyya, A Journal of the American Association of Teachers of Arabic (1999: 32; 23-65)
   1 Al-Takddom El-Elmi, A Publication of the Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Science (1998: 24; 52-59)
   1 Al-Takddom El-Elmi, A Publication of the Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (1997: 20; 44-53)
   1 Alcaine, S. D., S. S. Sukhnanand, L. D. Warnick, W. L. Su, P. McGann, P. McDonough, and M. Wiedmann. 2005. Ceftiofur-resistant Salmonella strains isolated from dairy farms represent multiple widely distributed subtypes that evolved by independent horizontal gene transfer. Antimicrob. Agents Chemother. 49:4061-4067
   1 Algorithms - ESA 2003, 11th Annual European Symposium, Budapest, Hungary, September 16-19, 2003, Proceedings. Lecture Notes in Computer Science 2832 Springer 2003
   1 Although apparently recat'd for RMC, no Aeon slip was sent, and status description does not match volumes sent, jmb 7/19/2013
   1 Am. Assoc. Petr. Geol. Bull., vol. 74, p. 238-259, 1990
   1 Am. Assoc. Petr. Geol. Bull., vol. 77, p. 173-193, 1993
   1 Am. Assoc. Petr. Geol. Bull., vol. 82, p. 1173-1190, 1998
   1 America's best architecture & design schools 2012. DesignIntelligence. v. 17, no. 6 (Nov./Dec. 2011)
   1 American Association of Petroleum Geologists Bulletin, vol. 77, p.  2032-2047, 1993
   1 American Jewish Relief Committee for Sufferers from the War, What Major Davis of the  American Red Cross Commission saw of the suffering Jews in Poland (New York, 1919), n.p.
   1 American Journal of Evaluation, 30(4), 538-553
   1 American Sociological Review 71, no. 2 (April 2006): 406-409
   1 Andersen, Morten Koch. The phantom limb : failing judicial systems, torture and human rights work in Sri Lanka : a study of police torture in Sri Lanka. Copenhagen : Rehabilitation and Research Centre for Torture Victims ; Hong Kong : Asian Human Rights Commission, [2009]
   1 Annali di Geofisica, vol. 38, p. 385-397, 1995
   1 Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, Vol 624, No. 1, 156-176 (2009)
   1 Anne Carson
   1 Annual Report New York State Veterinary College 1972-73
   1 Annual reports to stockholders on microcards, 1953-1970 : a list of annual reports to stockholders on microcards held in the Cornell University Library.  Ithaca, N.Y. : Management Library, Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management, Cornell University, [2002].
   1 Anshumali Shrivastava and Ping Li. Fast Near Neighbor Search in High-Dimensional Binary Data. Proceedings of The European Conference on Machine Learning (ECML 2012)
   2 ApJ in press (September 2006)
   1 Applied Organometallic Chemistry,  24 (8), 581–589, August 2010
   1 Approximately 100 commemorative textiles, buttons, photographs and other emphemera relating to United States presidential campaigns, United States military, World’s Fairs, as well as other events from the late 19th century through the early 21st century. Notes: 	In English.
   1 Arabic Translation Editor: Nimat Hafez Barazangi. Arabic translation (Dar Al-Fikr, 2002). English version: Windows of Faith: Muslim Women Scholar-Activists in North America. Edited by Gisela Webb. Syracuse: Syracuse University Press (2000), 22-47
   1 Archival Outlook, May/June 2012: 10
   1 Archives 4500 boxes 16 and 20
   1 Arlitsch, Kenning. O'Brien, Patrick S. Improving the visibility and use of digital repositories through SEO.  Chicago : ALA TechSource, 2013.
   1 Art Libraries Journal, 37:2, 2012
   1 As of May 2015: Forthcoming, Annual Review of Financial Economics, Vol. 7, December 2015
   1 Assessing liaison librarians : documenting impact for positive change / edited by Daniel C. Mack and Gary W. White. Chicago : Association of College and Research Libraries, a division of the American Library Association, 2014.
   1 Athenea Digital - 14(4): 355-365 (diciembre 2014) -CLÁSICOS-
   1 Audubon print of a Ruby-throated Humming Bird
   1 Australian Veterinary Journal. 2006 Jan-Feb;84(1-2):N18-N19.
   1 Australian Wine Industry Technical Conference (15th : 2013 : Sydney, N.S.W.). Conference proceedings. Glen Osmond, S.A. : Australian Wine Industry Technical Conference Inc., [2014]
   1 Avian Rounds, Vol. 1, 1984
   1 Avian Rounds, Vol. 2, 1984
   1 Avian Rounds, Vol. 3, 1985
   1 Avian Rounds, Vol. 4, 1985
   1 Avian Rounds, Vol. 5, 1986
   1 Avian Rounds, Vol. 6, 1986
   1 B. I. T. Online, 13 (2010), nr. 2, pp.135-138
   1 BM525.V83 K6 1700
   1 Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report 1999
   1 Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report 2001
   1 Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report 2002
   1 Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report 2003-2004
   1 Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report 2005-2006
   1 Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report 2007
   1 Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report 2008
   1 Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report 2009-2010
   1 Baldauf, P. M., Gray, S. M., and Perry, K. L. 2006. Biological and serological properties of Potato virus Y isolates in northeastern United States potato. Plant Dis. 90:559-566.
   1 Barker, A., E. Z. Harrison, A. Hay, U. Krogmann, M. McBride, W. McDowell, B. Richards, T. Steenhuis, and R. Stehouwer. 2007. Guidelines for Application of Sewage Biosolids to Agricultural Lands in the Northeastern U.S. E317. Rutgers NJAES Cooperative Extension
   1 Barker-Benfield, B.C. The manuscripts of Macrobius' Commentary on the Somnium Scipionis, 1976
   1 Baron Henry de Worms, The Austro-Hungarian Empire: A Political Sketch of Men and Events Since 1866 (London: Chapman and Hall, 1877), pp.278-282
   1 Bates, Josie. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17520. May 2010.
   1 Baumer, E.P.S., Elovic, E., Qin, Y., Polletta, F., and Gay, G. (2015). Testing and Comparing Computational Approaches for Identifying the Language of Framing in Political News. in Proceedings of the Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics – Human Language Technologies Conference (NAACL-HLT) (pp. 1472-1482). (Denver, CO).
   1 Bayard Taylor (1825-1878), "A Glance at Warsaw" in Travels in Greece and Russia, with an excursion to Crete (New York: G.P. Putnam's Sons, 1859), pp. 303-314.
   1 Biodemography and Social Biology, 55 (2) (2009): 118-139
   1 Biodemography and Social Biology, 55: 2, 118 - 139
   1 Black and White  --   Size: 20 x 25 inches  --   Hull Collection  --  Uncataloged, will not be treated, sent here for examination by possible donor only.
   1 Bonhotal J and Jack A. Vermicompost - A Living Soil Amendment. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2010. 9:10 min.
   1 Bonhotal J and Krasny, ME. Composting: Wastes to Resources. Cornell Cooperative Extension, 4-H Natural Resources. 1990. 36 p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Harrison E. Marketing Composts and Meeting Consumer Needs. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2004, updated 2015. 6 p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Harrison EZ, Schwarz M. Composting Road Kill. Ithaca: Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2007. 12 p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Harrison EZ. Compost Bulking Materials. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2004, updated 2013. 4p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Harrison EZ. Compost Equipment. Ithaca, NY: Cornell Waste Management Institute.2006. 6 p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Harrison EZ. Compost Pads. Ithaca, NY: Cornell Waste Management Institute.2005. 6 p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Harrison EZ. Composting Liquids. Ithaca, NY: Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2007. 4 p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Harrison EZ. Improving and Maintaining Compost Quality. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2004, updated 2013. 6p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Harrison EZ. Regulation and Certification of Composts. Cornell Waste Management Institute.2004. 4 p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Harrison EZ. Testing Composts. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2004, updated 2015. 6 p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Schwarz M, Brown N. Natural Rendering: Composting Poultry Mortality. Emergency Response to Disease Control. Ithaca: Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2008. 12 p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Schwarz M, Williams C, Swinker A. Horse Mortality: Carcass Disposal Alternatives. Ithaca: Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2012. 8 p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Schwarz M. Natural Rendering for Horses: Composting Horse Mortality. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2012. 5:30 minute video.
   1 Bonhotal J, Telega L, Petzen J. Natural Rendering: Composting Livestock Mortality and Butcher Waste. Ithaca: Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2002, updated 2010. 12 p.
   1 Bonhotal J, Trautmann N, and Harrison EZ. 1991. Trash Goes To School. Cornell Waste Management Institute, Ithaca.
   1 Bonhotal J. Farm Waste Management Makes Sense. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 1996. 9-minute video.
   1 Bonhotal J. Is This Your Idea of Taking Out the Trash? Cornell Waste Managment Institute. 2 pg brochure. 2013
   1 Bonhotal J. Natural Rendering: Composting Livestock Mortality & Butcher Waste.  Ithaca, NY: Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2002. 20-minute DVD.
   1 Bonhotal JF, Edelstein KL, Krasny ME. 1990. What About Waste? Ithaca, NY. 4-H Natural Resources, Cornell Cooperative Extension. p 25.
   1 Bonhotal JF, Rollo K. Compost...Because a Rind is a Terrible Thing to Waste! Ithaca: Cornell Waste Management Institute. 1996. 66 p.
   1 Bonhotal, J, Schwarz, M and Stehman, SM. How Mycobacterium avium paratuberculois is affected by the composting process. Trends in Animal & Veterinary Sciences Journal. 2011. 2(1):5-10.
   1 Bonhotal, J. Natural Rendering: Composting Livestock Mortality & Butcher Waste. Ithaca, NY. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2002. 20-minute DVD (spanish version).
   1 Bonhotal, J. Natural Rendering: Composting Poultry Mortality. Ithaca, NY: Cornell Waste Management Institute. Produced by Insights International Inc. 2008. 6-minute DVD.
   1 Bonhotal, J. Recycling: Mining Resources From Trash. Cornell Cooperative Extension, 4-H Natural Resources. 1990. 32 p.
   1 Bonhotal, J., Schwarz, M., Rynk, R. 2014. Composting Animal Mortalities. Cornell Waste Management Institute, 1-23.
   1 Bound in 2 volumes in gray cloth cases.
   1 Bound in sharkskin (roussette), with endpapers covered in pink silk.  Boards are badly warped.
   1 Brav, Alon; Jian, Wei; Kim, Hyunseob.  "Hedge Fund Activism: A review"  Foundations and Trends in Finance  4.3  (2009):  185-246.
   1 Brown N. Health and Safety Guidance for Composting in the School Setting. Ithaca: Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2005. 2p
   1 Budwinskis Sammlung der Erkenntnisse des k.k. Verwaltungs-gerichtshofes. [Budwinski's Collection of the Decisions of the i.r. Supreme Administrative Court.] Vol. XXXVII (1913). Administrativ-rechtlicher Teil [Section on Administrative Law]. August Ritter von Popelka, ed. Vienna: Manz, 1914. Pages 495-98.]. Translated by Jeremy King, 2004. Explanatory remarks and original German phrasing provided in brackets [].
   1 Bugatti, Valeria, Sebastien Livi, Suren Hayrapetyan, Yue Wang, Luis Estevez, Vittoria Vittoria, and Emmanuel Giannelis. "Deposition of LDH on Plasm Treateed Polylactic Acid to Reduce Water Permeability." Journal of Colloid and Interface Science 396 (2013): 47-52. Print.
   1 Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, vol. 87, no. 3, p. 637-651, 1997
   1 Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, vol. 87, no. 5, p. 1126-1139, 1997
   1 Bulletin of the Seismological Society of America, vol. 94, no. 3, 2004
   1 Byrne et al, Capillary puddle vibrations linked to casting-defect formation in planar-flow melt spinning.  Met. Trans. B. 36B, p. 445-456, 2006
   1 CNI Spring 2010 Membership Meeting, April 12-13, 2010, Baltimore, MD
   1 Cadle-Davidson, M M and Jahn, M. 2005. Resistance conferred against Bean common mosaic virus by the incompletely dominant I locus of Phaseolus vulgaris is active at the single cell level. Archives of Virology. In Press
   1 Calhoun, Karen, Turner, Tom, et al. Mixing and mapping metadata ... In Proceedings of the International Conference on Dublin Core and Metadata Applications 2001 (Tokyo: National Institute of Informatics, 2001)
   1 California  code of sustainable winegrowing workbook : a project of California Sustainable Winegrowing Alliance, Wine Institute and California Association of Winegrape Growers. San Francisco, CA : California Sustainable Winegrowing Alliance : Wine Institute ; Sacramento, CA : California Association of Winegrape Growers, c2012.
   1 California Management Review 54, no. 1 (Fall 2011): 39-63
   1 Call number for the Lavoisier copper plate. The closest it has to a call number is: 4712 Box 29. The box number may end up changing if housed in a separate box.
   1 Carbohydrate Polymer, 79, 2010, 391-396
   1 Carnes, Elizabeth. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17498. May 2010.
  16 Carte de France à l’usage des Fermes générales.
   1 Chan, B. and Durrett, R. (2006). A new coexistence result for competing contact processes. Ann. Appl. Probab., 16, 1155-1165.
   1 Changes in Health Care Financing & Organization report: www/hcfo.org
   1 Chapter 10, The US Postal Service.  Edward Elgar, 2009
   1 Chapter 13, pp. 302-323, in: Dilemmas of Activism: Class, Community, and the Politics of Local Mobilization, Joseph Kling and Prudence Posner, eds. (Phiiladelphia: Temple University Press, 1990).
   1 Chapter 21, pp. 376-398
   1 Chem. Commun., 47, Oct 2011, 12610-12612
   1 Chemical Communication, 46, May 04, 2010, 7620-7622
   1 Chemical Communications, 46, Mar 2010, 2935-2937
   1 Children and Youth Services Review 32 (2010) 399–408
  15 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012  -   illustrated by Arthur Rackham. Tr. by Mrs. Edgar Lucas.  Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 10/10/2012.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012  -  Board Game  -  Hendrik Willem van Loon Papers, 1884-1972.  --  Summary: 	Collection consists of correspondence with family, friends, literary and other public figures, pertaining to his career as an author and his varied humanitarian concerns; much of the correspondence between 1939 and 1942 deals with refugees from Nazi persecution and van Loon’s participation in war relief fund raising and committees. 	Also included are condolence letters received after Hendrik’s death. A substantial portion of the papers are comprised of manuscripts for many of his books and their illustrative materials in pen-and-ink, pencil, and watercolors. There are many sketchbooks and miscellaneous sketches as well as those for the publications. Other documents include a manuscript of his Ph.D. in German, notes for a history course taught at Cornell, manuscripts for radio broadcasts (1935-42), articles by and about van Loon,including a recollection by John L. De Forest; phonograph records, photographs, picture puzzles, foreign language editions of his books, reviews, menus, the Newberry Medal which was presented to him at the meeting of The American Library Association in 1921, an unfinished portrait by the painter Leon Gordon, his and Helen Criswell van Loon’s ("Jimmie’s") passports, and pamphlets from the Cunard Cruise Ship FRANCONIA. Documenting his activities in literary circles in New York City are copies of MAD HATTER MUTTERINGS, 1920-21, which were satirical journals circulated in the Greenwich Village coffee shop where "Jimmie" worked and later became the owner; also included are her diaries, 1920-54; and Gerard Willem van Loon’s correspondence and draft copies for his book about Hendrik. Includes a film and a video. Correspondents include Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt, George Lincoln Burr, and others.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012  -  by L. Frank Baum ; with pictures by W.W. Denslow.  Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 10/10/2012.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012  - Summary: 	Collection consists of correspondence with family, friends, literary and other public figures, pertaining to his career as an author and his varied humanitarian concerns; much of the correspondence between 1939 and 1942 deals with refugees from Nazi persecution and van Loon’s participation in war relief fund raising and committees. 	           Also included are condolence letters received after Hendrik’s death. A substantial portion of the papers are comprised of manuscripts for many of his books and their illustrative materials in pen-and-ink, pencil, and watercolors. There are many sketchbooks and miscellaneous sketches as well as those for the publications. Other documents include a manuscript of his Ph.D. in German, notes for a history course taught at Cornell, manuscripts for radio broadcasts (1935-42), articles by and about van Loon,including a recollection by John L. De Forest; phonograph records, photographs, picture puzzles, foreign language editions of his books, reviews, menus, the Newberry Medal which was presented to him at the meeting of The American Library Association in 1921, an unfinished portrait by the painter Leon Gordon, his and Helen Criswell van Loon’s ("Jimmie’s") passports, and pamphlets from the Cunard Cruise Ship FRANCONIA. Documenting his activities in literary circles in New York City are copies of MAD HATTER MUTTERINGS, 1920-21, which were satirical journals circulated in the Greenwich Village coffee shop where "Jimmie" worked and later became the owner; also included are her diaries, 1920-54; and Gerard Willem van Loon’s correspondence and draft copies for his book about Hendrik. Includes a film and a video. Correspondents include Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt, George Lincoln Burr, and others. 	         Letters from van Loon in America to the Netherlands commenting on the general atmosphere in wartime America (box 74). 	Twenty-one drawings from late 1930’s and 1940’s. Notes:  The collection is in English, Dutch, and German.
   4 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012  Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 10/10/2012.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 -  Written and illustrated by Howard Pyle.  Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 10/10/2012.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 -  with illustrations by Alice Havers ; the translation by Mrs. H. B. Paull.  --  Item returned to RMC on 10/3/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 - Bookplate: The Mr. and Mrs. William R. E. Gurley Book Fund. - Notes: In blue pictorial paper wrappers.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 - Bookplate: The Peter Dirlam Fund  Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 10/10/2012.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 - Description: 	1 folded sheet (4 p.) : ill. ; 14 x 22 cm. folded to 14 x 9 cm
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 - Description: 	1 v. : ill. ; 26 cm. - In: Rudyard Kipling collection. - Summary: Photographs of people and scenery in India, mainly in and around Simla, Lucknow, and Agra, including views of the Himalayas, houses including Bonnie Moon near Simla, mosques and Buddhist temples, and Indians and British people in typical costume for the period. Also included are photographs of social occasions among the British, such as a tea party, people dressed for a costume ball, and the like. The British people shown were evidently friends of Rudyard Kipling or his family. - Notes: Captions in English. - Treatment not necessary, per M Hamill 9/11/12
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 - Description: 	Pulitzer prize edition. - Bookplate: 	The Anne Arnold Class of 1918 Endowment.  Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 10/10/2012.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 - In original cloth binding
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 - Notes: 	With ex libris of John Stewart Groves.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 - Notes: 	tiny Imperfect: rear wrapper lacking.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 - Summary: 	Based on the diary, edited by Beatrice Sparks, of a fifteen-year-old drug user chronicling her struggle to escape the pull of the drug world. -  Notes: 	In dust jacket. Signed by the editor/author, Beatrice Sparks.  Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 10/10/2012.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012 - with drawings by Arthur Rackham.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012, rec'd in folder with covering letter.  Returned to RMC, signed for by Anne Carson 10/10/12.
   1 Children's Literature Exhibit item, opens 11/17/2012.  Returned to RMC, signed for by Anne Carson 10/10/12.
   1 China trade watercolor painting - Summary: 	Peking street scenes including musicians, merchants, games, magicians, acrobats, and jugglers by Wang Yuanxun (Wang Yüan-hsün)
   1 Chinese characters.
   1 Chisholm '72 : unbought and unbossed. Beverly Hills, Calif. : 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment, 2004.
   1 Chremos, Alexandros, Athanassios Z. Panagiotopoulos, and Donald L. Koch. "Dynamics of Solvent-free Grafted Nanoparticles." The Journal of Chemical Physics 136.4 (2012): 044902. Web.
   1 Christopher Marquis and Xing Hu. “China’s Mind-Body-Spirit Market: Projecting the Future Based on the American Experience.” China Policy Review, (Issue 11 2014: p. 76-79).
   1 Christopher Marquis and Ying Zhang. “Corporate Social Responsibility and Global Competitiveness.” China Policy Review, (Issue 3 2015: p. 54-55).
   1 Christopher Marquis and Zoe Yang. “Learning the Hard Way: Why Foreign Companies That Fail in China Haven’t Really Failed.” China Policy Review, (Issue 10 2014: p. 80-81.
   1 Citation: Summary: Includes drawings and blueprints for Cornell buildings, including Sage infirmary medical building and the Cascadilla School in Ithaca, New York; unidentified drawings; details of two fireplaces in the Ithaca Conservatory of Music (now Ithaca College); two small hand carved wooden panels presented by Miller to the College of Architecture at the time of its semi-centennial (1921); a scrapbook of clippings and plates from architectural magazines; a book of architectural postcards, including some depicting Miller’s buildings; account books with Gauntlett and Brooks, pertaining to the Fiske House of Jennie McGraw Fiske; two letters from Andrew Dickson White to Miller, 1870, 1896; and correspondence relating to the construction of the kitchen in Prudence Risley Hall, including letters to E.L. Williams (Cornell University Treasurer) from Miller, Thomas Tree (Manager of Sage College), and Flora Rose, 1913. Also, plans and specifications for addition to President White’s house, 1895, with comments by Andrew Dickson White (12 items). A letter possibly to William Henry Miller from his mother, 1879.   Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 8/14/12
   1 Claire M. Germain, "Digital Legal Information: Ensuring Access to the "Official" Word of the Law". Cornell Law Forum, vol. 26, no. 1 (July 1999), pp. 11-14
   2 Clancy, Paulette. "Chemical Engineering in the Electronics Industry: Progress towards the Rational Design of Organic Semiconductor Heterojunctions." Current Opinion in Chemical Engineering: 117-22. Print.
   1 Clin. Pharmacol. Ther. 2009. March; 85(3): 237-9
   1 Cohen, S. & Schmidle, D. (2007). Creating a multipurpose digital institutional repository. OCLC Systems & Services, 23(3),287-296
   1 Collection consists of correspondence with family, friends, literary and other public figures, pertaining to his career as an author and his varied humanitarian concerns; much of the correspondence between 1939 and 1942 deals with refugees from Nazi persecution and van Loon’s participation in war relief fund raising and committees.
   2 Collection consists of incoming correspondence, manuscripts of lectures, speeches and articles; manuscripts of presidential reports; manuscripts of books; copies of publications; financial records; clippings; photographs, engravings, diplomas and memorabilia; family documents and diaries. Also, some of White’s outgoing correspondence including his letters to Charles Kendall Adams, Cornell University’s second president, and William Channing Russel, Andrew D. White’s vice president; correspondence and dispatches from White during his service as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Germany, and later as Ambassador to Russia; diplomatic instructions from the U.S. Department of State; correspondence from George Frederick William Holls on various topics of state, national and international politics, and correspondence pertaining to the American Academy of Arts and Letters. Also, correspondence relating to family affairs and finances, White’s college days at Hobart College and Yale University, his professorship at the University of Michigan, his service in the New York State legislature, the founding and administration of Cornell University, educational ideas, civil service reform, the policies and activities of the Republican Party, the proposed annexation of Santo Domingo, and the study and writing of history and the study of art and architecture. 	Personal correspondence includes letters from or about many family members, including Andrew White Newberry, Arthur Cleveland Newberry, Clara White Newberry, Spencer B. Newberry, Emily Outwater, Lucia Phillips Outwater, Andrew Danforth White, Andrew Dickson White II, Andrew Strong White, Ann Bruce White (Mrs. Frederick Davies), Frederick Davies White, Hamilton Salisbury White, Helen Magill White, Hilda White, Horace Keep White II and Horace Keep White III, Karin Andreevna White, and Mary Outwater White. Also, drafts of White’s will drawn by Mynderse Van Cleef. Other correspondents include people involved with Cornell University such as Liberty Hyde Bailey, George Lincoln Burr, Ezra Cornell, Hiram Corson, Daniel Willard Fiske, Francis Miles Finch, Hiram Sibley, Henry W. Sage, Goldwin Smith, Robert H. Thurston, Moses Coit Tyler, and other members of the Board of Trustees and faculty; historical and literary figures such as Lord Acton, Herbert Baxter Adams, Lord Bryce, Andrew Carnegie, Theodore Dreiser, Charles William Eliot, Ulysses S. Grant, Justin Smith Morrill, Theodore Roosevelt, Leo Tolstoy, Hendrik Willem van Loon, Queen Victoria, Booker T. Washington and Woodrow Wilson. 	Letter from White to the Cornell University Board of Trustees about the placement of the White Library, 1887. 	Also, miscellaneous notes and lists on the French Revolution and Napoleon Collection; list of contemporary imprints; index to autographs; and various prose miscellany. Includes a White family genealogy. Also, a letter from Andrew Dickson White to Rabbi Joseph Krauskopf, March 27, 1911. Notes: 	Copies of White letters from other repositories and other collections within the department are interfiled in the collection.
   1 Collection consists of interview notes taken by Bart Mills, newspaper and magazine clippings, press releases, press photos and slides, and other materials relating to punk music. Includes files on Hugh Cornwell of the Stranglers and the film "Rude Boy," a film about a roadie for the Clash. Also includes materials on the Sex Pistols, Patti Smith, and other musicians. Notes: 	In English.
   1 Collection includes film production records, flyers, posters, original art, videos, audio, oral histories, photographs, slides, and vinyl recordings documenting early hip hop culture and the film "Wild Style."
   1 Collection of approximately 3,000 rare and unique items documenting English and American punk and post-punk music, circa 1974-1986. The collection includes original manuscripts, approximately 365 fliers and posters, approximately 1,300 fanzines, sound recordings, clothing, photographs, original art, and other ephemera. 157 books in the collection are cataloged separately.
   1 Collection of photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography, with emphasis on the period of 1822 to 1885. Includes 19th- and 20th-century photographs organized in several major groups: Daguerre ephemera and early photographic processes, African American collection, Mathew Brady and the Civil War, hand-colored photography, and cartes de visite. The collection contains daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, stereographs, and photograph albums. Also included are lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp
   7 Collection of photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography, with emphasis on the period of 1822 to 1885. Includes 19th- and 20th-century photographs organized in several major groups: Daguerre ephemera and early photographic processes, African American collection, Mathew Brady and the Civil War, hand-colored photography, and cartes de visite. The collection contains daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, stereographs, and photograph albums. Also included are lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp.
  13 Collection of photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography, with emphasis on the period of 1822 to 1885. Includes 19th- and 20th-century photographs organized in several major groups: Daguerre ephemera and early photographic processes, African American collection, Mathew Brady and the Civil War, hand-colored photography, and cartes de visite. The collection contains daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, stereographs, and photograph albums. Also included are lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. Notes: 	In English and French.
   4 Collection of photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography, with emphasis on the period of 1822 to 1885. Includes 19th- and 20th-century photographs organized in several major groups: Daguerre ephemera and early photographic processes, African American collection, Mathew Brady and the Civil War, hand-colored photography, and cartes de visite. The collection contains daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, stereographs, and photograph albums. Also included are lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. Notes: 	In English and French. Restrictions: 	By appointment only.
   1 College & Research Libraries, 63 (1), 2002, p53-60
   1 College & Research Libraries, 63 (6): 2002, p.484-497
   1 College & Research Libraries, vol. 67, no.2, p.103-104, 2006
   1 College of Veterinary Medicine Annual Report 1987-88
   1 College of Veterinary Medicine Annual Report 1988-1989
   1 College of Veterinary Medicine Annual Report 1990-91
   1 College of Veterinary Medicine Annual Report 1991-92
   1 Coloring: Hand Colored  --  Size: 19 x 15 inches  -- This item will not be treated, sent here for examiniation by possible donor only.  Hull Collection
   1 Comito, Lauren. Grassroots library advocacy : a special report / Lauren Comito, Aliqae Geraci, Christian Zabriskie. Chicago : American Library Association, 2012.
   1 Companion to the Novelas Ejemplares
   1 Comparative structural modeling and inference of conserved protein classes in Drosophila seminal fluid Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences: 101, 13542-47
   1 Conference Proceedings: Learning and the World We Want (152-59). (The University of Victoria, November 20-24, 2003)
   1 Confucius.
   1 Conservation Treatment Job # 13091
   1 Conservation Treatment Job # 1401
   1 Conservation Treatment Job #11969 - Returned to RMC 8/5/2010 due to Fire Safety Project, worksheet refiled - Notes: Provenance: Museum of the American Indian, Heye Foundation, Marshall H. Saville Collection (bookplate); Huntington Free Library (stamp) - To be treated as a part of the Native American HFL Grant
   1 Contains nearly 1,000 recordings (primarily LP records), the photographic archive of Bronx photographer Joe Conzo, Jr., textile art, books and magazines, and more than 500 original party and club flyers designed by Buddy Esquire and others. The collection documents the origins of hip-hop as music, culture and community in the Bronx, NY, and its influence on the history of music, art, performance, and activism in America during the final third of the 20th century and beyond. 	Also, t-shirts, tote bag, and other memorabilia documenting the 2008 Hip Hop Conference and Celebration at Cornell; and a poster for Spike Lee’s motion picture Do the right thing (1989)
   1 Contains nearly 1,000 recordings (primarily LP records), the photographic archive of Bronx photographer Joe Conzo, Jr., textile art, books and magazines, and more than 500 original party and club flyers designed by Buddy Esquire and others. The collection documents the origins of hip-hop as music, culture and community in the Bronx, NY, and its influence on the history of music, art, performance, and activism in America during the final third of the 20th century and beyond. 	Also, t-shirts, tote bag, and other memorabilia documenting the 2008 Hip Hop Conference and Celebration at Cornell; and a poster for Spike Lee’s motion picture Do the right thing (1989).
   1 Conway, C.M. & Christiansen, M.H. (2005). Modality-constrained statistical learning of tactile, visual, and auditory sequences. Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition, 31, 24-39.
   1 Cornell Business
   1 Cornell College of Veterinary Medicine Annual Report 2007-2008
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center Annual Report 1997-98
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center Annual Report 2003
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center Annual Report 2004
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center Annual Report 2005
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center Annual Report 2006
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center Annual Report 2007
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center Annual Report 2008
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center Annual Report 2009
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center Annual Report 2010
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center Annual Report 2011-2012
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center News, No. 1, January 1981
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center News, No. 2, February 1981
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center News, No. 3, May 1981
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center News, No. 4, August 1981
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center News, No. 5, November 1981
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center News, No. 6, June 1982
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center News, No. 7, October 1982
   1 Cornell Feline Health Center Newsletter, No. 1, October 1979
   1 Cornell Guide to Growing Fruit at Home, Information Bulletin, Cornell University Cooperative Extension, Ithaca NY; v.156, 2003, pg. 14-42.
   1 Cornell Guide to Growing Fruit at Home, Information Bulletin, Cornell University Cooperative Extension, Ithaca NY; v.156, 2003, pg. 43-53.
   1 Cornell Guide to Growing Fruit at Home, Information Bulletin, Cornell University Cooperative Extension, Ithaca NY; v.156, 2003, pg. 54-64.
   1 Cornell Guide to Growing Fruit at Home, Information Bulletin, Cornell University Cooperative Extension, Ithaca NY; v.156, 2003, pg. 84-89
   1 Cornell Guide to Growing Fruit at Home, Information Bulletin, Cornell University Cooperative Extension, Ithaca NY; v.156, 2003, pg. 90-91
   1 Cornell Guide to Growing Fruit at Home, Information Bulletin, Cornell University Cooperative Extension, Ithaca NY; v.156, 2003, pg. 92-94
   1 Cornell Guide to Growing Fruit at Home, Information Bulletin, Cornell University Cooperative Extension, Ithaca NY; v.156, 2003, pg. 95-102
   1 Cornell Guide to Growing Fruit at Home, Information Bulletin, Cornell University Cooperative Extension, Ithaca NY; v.156, 2003, pg.65-76
   1 Cornell Guide to Growing Fruit at Home, Information Bulletin, Cornell University Cooperative Extension, Ithaca NY; v.156, 2003, pg.77-83
   1 Cornell University
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine Annual Report 1989-1990
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1977
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1978
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1979
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1980
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1981
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1982
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1983
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1984
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1985
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1986
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1987
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1988
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1989
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1990
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1991
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1992
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1993
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1994
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1995
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1996
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1997
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1998
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 1999
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2000
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2001
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2002
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2003
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2004
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2005
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2006
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2007
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2008
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2009
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2010
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2011
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2012
   1 Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine [student yearbook] 2013
   1 Cornell University Library. Technical Reports and Papers.
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 10, No. 11, May 1, 1919
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 11, No. 6, February 15, 1920
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 12, No. 6, February 15, 1921
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 13, No. 4, January 15, 1922
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 14, No. 13, June 1, 1923
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 15, No. 9, April 1, 1924
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 16, No. 9, April 1, 1925
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 17, No. 8, March 15, 1926
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 18, No. 14, April 1, 1927
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 19, No. 16, May 1, 1928
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 20, No. 16, May 1, 1929
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 21, No. 14, April 1, 1930
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 22, No. 16, April 1, 1931
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 23, No. 13, February 15, 1932
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 24, No. 13, February 15, 1933
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 25, No. 13, February 15, 1934
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 26, No. 13, February 15, 1935
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 27, No. 8, February 1, 1935
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 28, NO. 4, August 15, 1936
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 29, No. 3, August 1, 1937
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 30, No. 3, August 1, 1938
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 31, NO. 4, August 15, 1939
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 8, No. 11, May 1, 1917
   1 Cornell University Official Publication, Vol. 9, No. 12, May 15, 1918
   1 Cornell University. The University Records, Series 1, No. 4, Pt. 3, May 1901
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine College Report  2005-2006
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Fall 1996
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Fall 1997
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Fall 1998
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Fall 2000
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Fall 2002
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Fall 2003
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Fall 2006
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Fall-Winter 2001
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Fall-Winter 2004
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Spring 1996
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Spring 1997
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Spring 1998
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Spring 1999
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Spring 2002
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Spring 2004
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Spring 2005
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Summer 1997
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Summer 1998
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Summer 1999
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Summer 2001
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Winter 1996
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Winter 1996-1997
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Winter 1997
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Winter 1998
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Winter 1999-2000
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Winter 2001
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine, Winter 2003
   1 Cornell Veterinary Medicine. Spring-Summer 2003
   1 Cornell Waste Management Institute. Compost...Because a Rind is a Terrible Thing to Waste. 1996. 30-minute Video and 7-minute Video.
   1 Cornell Waste Management Institute. Compost: Truth or Consequences. 1998. 15-minute Video
   1 Cornell Waste Management Institute. Composting Road Kill. 2008. 8-minute DVD.
   1 Cornell Waste Management Institute. Do You Know Where Your Garbage Is? 1992. 12-minute video.
   1 Cornell Waste Management Institute. It's Gotten Rotten. 1997. 20-minute video.
   1 Cornell Waste Management Institute. Life After The Curb: Recycling Processes. 1990. 20-minute video.
   1 Cornell Waste Management Institute. Master Composter Manual. 1998. 156 p.
   1 Cornell Waste Management Institute. Recycling Within Reach. 1991. 13-minute Video.
   1 Cornell Waste Management Institute. Waste Prevention Tools at Work. 1994. 13-minute Video.
   1 Cornell memorabilia includes a student sweater, beanie, and patch; a Cornell senior ring; class photographs from Cayuga Lodge, a photograph of the chicken judging team with a trophy and a postcard from Penn State, 1959, snapshots of Cornell people and views, and three movie films; book covers and a decal; and his diploma. Notes: 	In English.
   2 Correspondence, programs, photographs, notebooks, recordings, and miscellany concerning the Cornell University Glee Club. Also microfilmed minutes and a poster for a Glee Club concert in the Philippines. 	Also, scrapbooks (1954-55); USSR/England tour (1960-61); publicity and managerial records (1951-65).
   1 Correspondents include: Marie Adrienne Françoise de Noailles Lafayette (Lafayette’s wife), Georges Washington Lafayette (Lafayette’s son), Philippe Beauchet, the Princesse d’Hénin, Thomas Pinckney, Pierre Samuel Du Pont de Nemours, Madame de Staël, Mary Shelley, Jeremy Bentham, Robert Owen, Thomas Jefferson, John Marshall, James Madison, John Adams, James Monroe, Andrew Jackson, John C. Calhoun, Daniel Webster, Henry Clay, Jared Sparks, Emma Willard, and Frances Wright. 	Also, videotapes and DVDs of films in which Lafayette appears as a character: "Lafayette," "Reign of Terror," "America," "Jefferson in Paris," "The Black Book," "Marie Antoinette," and "The Howards of Virginia." These are cataloged individually.
   1 Craig, E., B. Dorr, K. Hanson-Dorr, J. Sparks, and P. Curtis. In press. Isotopic discrimination in the Double-crested Cormorant. PLOS ONE.
   1 Curless, Renae. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available  	 http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17495. May 2010.
   1 Current location in DSPS Scanning, 6/7/12.  Returned from Scanning 12/4/2012.  Returned to Law, 3/15/2013, signed for by Thomas Mills
   1 Current location in DSPS Scanning, 8/22/12.  Returned from scanning 4/9/2013, returned to Law Library and signed for by Nicole Mormilo, Law Library, 4/23/2013
   1 Cyberstates 2013 : a state-by-state overview of the high-technology industry. Washington, D.C. : TechAmerica Foundation, 2013.
   1 Czechoslovak Ministry of Information. Statement of policy of the third  ent of the National Front of the Czechs and Slovaks, made by the Premier,  Klement Gottwald, in the Constituent National Assembly, Prague, July 8, 1946, pp. 9-12.
   1 Czechoslovak Sources and Documents, No. 4, "Speech of T.G. Masaryk,  President of the Czechoslovak Republic on the Tenth Anniversary of the Attainment of  the Country's Independence,? 28th October, 1928, (Prague: Orbis, 1928).
   1 D-Lib Magazine vol 13, n 3/4
   1 D. A. Broido, M. Malorny, G. Birner, N. Mingo, D. A. Stewart, Appl. Phys. Lett, 91, 231922 (2007)
   1 D. A. Stewart, Journal of Applied Physics, 101, 09D503, (2007)
   1 D. Manrique-Vallier and J. P. Reiter (2012) “Estimating identification disclosure risk using mixed membership models,” Journal of the American Statistical Association, 107, 1385 – 1394.
   1 DC 2005: Proceedings of the International Conference on Dublin Core and Metadata Applications, 12-15 September 2005, Madrid, p. 139-48.
   1 DC-2007 Conference Proceedings
   1 Das, Shyamal K., Shaomao Xu, and Lynden A. Archer. "Carbon Dioxide Assist for Non-aqueous Sodium–oxygen Batteries." Electrochemistry Communications: 59-62. Print.
   1 Daziano, RA and Achtnicht, M. (2013). Forecasting adoption of ultra-low-emission vehicles using Bayes estimates of a multinomial probit model and the GHK simulator. Accepted for publication in Transportation Science.
   1 DeRito, C.M., G.M. Pumphrey, and E.L. Madsen.  2005.  Use of field-based stable isotope probing to identify adapted populations and track carbon flow through a phenol-degrading soil microbial community.  Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 71(12):7858-7865.
   1 DeSantis, John. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17489. May 2010.
   1 Decypher’d & tranfcrib’d, by Noble Foster Hoggson, Bachelor of Philosophy. Newly reperuf’d, augmented, and enlarg’d & done into a booke by Charles Edmund Merrill, Jun. Printed by the Pynson Printers, and are to be fold by T.B. Holliday, at the figne of the Grey Goofe. Published: 	New York, 1924. Description: 	xvi, 37 p. 17 cm.  --  Transferred from Hotel Rare TP 547 .5 H63
   1 Department of State Bulletin, Nov. 12, 1956, pp. 746-747.
   2 Dept of Plant Pathology, not a part of CUL, but will most likely be transferred to Archives after treatment & scanning, see email in notes
   1 Desalination 261 (2010) 255–263
   1 Description: 	1 chart ; 38 x 38 cm
   1 Description: 	1 item ; 61 cm.
   1 Description: 	1 score (various pagings) + 9 parts ; 34 cm.
   1 Description: 	100 items. 	 Summary: 	Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. Notes: 	In English and French.
   1 Description: 	100 items. 	 Summary: 	Collection of 19th century historical photographs on various subjects demonstrating the technological evolution of photography from 1822 - 1885. The collection contains Daguerreotypes, salted paper photographs, ambrotypes, tintypes, albumen prints, cartes de visite, cabinet cards, and photograph albums. Also included are some lithographic prints (some hand colored), a graphite on paper portrait, wood engraving, medals, and stamp. Notes: In English and French.
   1 Description: 	182 leaves of letters pasted on 91 double leaves of rice paper ; 31 x 28 cm.  --  Summary: Collection of the original letters written by Wang Rumei (alternative name Wang Youdan) to his youngest son Wang Xuan (alternative name Wang Shaozhou) between 1932 and 1936 (except for one written in 1944 and two to Shaozhou’s elder brother Shaopeng). The manuscript letters were glued one by one onto pieces of rice paper, putting page number on them, and bound into a book.  -- Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson, 1/30/2013.
   1 Description: 	183, 592, [10], 78+ p. 17 cm.
   1 Description: 	2 v. (2 scores ea.) 31 cm.
   1 Description: 	2 v. ; 17 cm. (12mo)
   1 Description: 	2 v. plates (part fold.) fold map., plans 23 cm.
   1 Description: 	2a ed. notabilmente accresciuta, contenente una descrizione di 249 manoscritti non indicati nella prima, e corredata di un copioso indice.
   1 Description: 	2d ed.
   1 Description: 	2d. American ed. 	xxxii, 408 p. 18 cm. 	 Google Books: 	View entire book. Notes: 	Herndon/Vehling Collection, School of Hotel Administration. Provenance: James B. Herndon, Jr. (bookplate).  Transferred from Hotel Rare TX 153 N53 1819
   1 Description: 	6 v. 30 cm.  --  Google Books: 	View entire book.
   1 Description: 	8 sheets ; each folded to 9 x 40 cm.  --  Notes: 	            In Khün.
   1 Description: 	8 v. (double leaves) in case ; 18 cm.
   1 Description: 	9th ed. with very large additions. 	[7], 354 p., [6] folded leaves of plates, xv p. : ill. ; 21 cm. 	Transferred from Hotel Rare TX 705 S53 1739
   1 Description: 	A new ed., with considerable additions and improvements. 	viii, [9]-376 p., [2] folded leaves of plates : ill. ; 18 cm. transferred from :  Hotel TX 705 S54 1803
   1 Description: 	Rev. ed. 	752 p. ; 17 cm.  --   Covered in velvet, silk, and brocade patchwork. Provenance: Samuel C. Wright (signature, 1856).
   1 Description: 	Scale [ca. 1:42,240] -- 
   1 Description: 	Scale [ca. 1:6,000. 1 in. = 500 feet]. 	1 map on 2 sheets : hand col., drawn on linen ; 130 x 268 cm.   --  Notes: 	Some street names have been labelled in pencil. Gift of Peter P. Karabashian, Tom Sykes.
   1 Description: 	Scale ca. 1:63,360; 	col. map 140 x 150 cm.
   1 Description: 	Scale ca. 1:63,360;            	col. map 151 x 148 cm.
   1 Description: 	Second edition, corrected and improved / by the Rev. Wm. Wisner, & Rev. S. Smith. 	179, [1] p. ; 15 cm.  --  Notes: 	Bound in paper covered shingle.
   1 Description: 	The third edition.
   1 Description: 	[17], 340, [43] p., 60 plates : port. ; 42 cm.
   1 Description: 	[184], [6] leaves (in 3 cases) ; 33 cm.
   1 Description: 	[1st ed.]
   1 Description: 	[40], 621, [11] p. ; 22 cm. (4to)
   1 Description: 	broadside ; 25 x 15 cm.
   1 Description: 	ca. 207 p. in various pagings : ill. ; 16 cm
   1 Description: 	vii, 148 p. ; 24 cm. hardcover -- Google Books:  Select chapters available.  --  ILL order placed for missing pages on 5/31/13;  TN 1045921
   1 Description:     xii, [13]-400 p. 19 cm.
   1 Description:  First American, from the London edition.  Returned to RMC, 3/27/2103, signed for by Anne Carson
  10 Description:  Nonprojected Graphic ( 12 items ; 53 cm.) -- Summary:  Eleven drawings and one lithograph, in a cloth portfolio.
   1 Description: 1 box with 2 bound volumes of manuscripts, photographs and portraits.
   1 Description: 145 leaves (bound in 2 v.) ; 17 cm.
   1 Description: 3 v. in 1. 22 cm.
   1 Description: 4. verb. und gäzlich umgearb. Aufl. 
   1 Description: 9 v. ports., facsims. 22 1/2 cm.  Google Books:  View entire book. at:  
   1 Description: 95 plates : ill. (1 folded) ; 31 x 42 cm.
   1 Description: Scale 1:1,100,000. 
   1 Description: Scale ca. 1:27,000. 
   1 Description: Scale not given. 
   1 Description: XVI, 467 p., [38] leaves of plates (some folded) : ill. ; 24 cm.
   1 Dietert R, Dietert J. The completed self: an immunological view of the human-microbiome superorganism and risk of chronic diseases. Entropy. 2012;14:2036-2065. doi: 10.3390/e14112036
   1 Dietert RR (2013) Natural Childbirth and Breastfeeding as Preventive Measures of Immune-Microbiome Dysbiosis and Misregulated Inflammation. J Anc Dis Prev Rem 1:103. doi:10.4172/jadpr.1000103
   1 Dietert RR, Jonsson MJ, Mengistu K, Dietert JM. 2013. Energy medicine and the path to globally-sustainable health. Cornell University, Ithaca, NY. http://hdl.handle.net/1813/31539
   1 Dimensions:  H 22 in x W 17 in
   1 Dimensions:  H17 in x W 22 in
  17 Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections, Cornell University Library.
  37 Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections, Cornell University Library. 
   1 Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections, Cornell University Library. Thirty-four drawings and four engraved street plans, in a cloth portfolio. Label on a paper folder surrounding the collection reads: Plans de l'hotel de la comtesse de Rumford a Paris. 
   1 Dopman, E.B., S.M. Bogdanowicz and R.G. Harrison, 2004 Genetic mapping of sexual isolation between E and Z pheromone strains of the European corn borer Genetics 167:301-309.
   1 Draft translation from old Serbo-Croatian by W. Browne.  Source: text printed in Milivoj Pavlovic, Primeri istoriskog razvitka srpskohrvatskog jezika. Beograd: Naucna knjiga 1956, page 63. Photograph of original (text in Latin and in old Serbo-Croatian in the Cyrillic alphabet) p. 213.
   1 Du, P et al "Additive-driven phase-selective chemistry in block copolymer thin films: the convergence of top-down and bottom-up approaches Adv. Mater., 16 (12), 953, 2004
   1 Dworksy, Leonard B. and David J. Allee. "The Great Lakes of the United States and Canada: A Critique of the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement On Its 125th Anniversary and a Discussion of the Great Lakes Basin Ecosystem as a Management Tool. Report of a Seminar." Cornell University, Spring 1997.
   1 Dworksy, Leonard B. and David J. Allee. "The Western Water Policy Review Advisory Commission: An Opportunity Not To Be Lost." Water Resources Update. Issue # 111, Water Policies for the Future, Spring 1998.
   1 Dworsky, Leonard B.
   1 Dworsky, Leonard B. "Add Water and Stir:" Reflections of Leonard B. Dworsky. Water Resources Update. Issue #116. Reflections of a Century of Water Science and Policy.  March 2000, p. 22-27.
   1 Dworsky, Leonard B. David J. Allee. "Water Quality in America since 1980: From Nitrates & Non-point to Ecosystems, Toxics and Terrorists."  in Environmental and Water Resources History. ASCE Cvil Engineering Conference and Exposition 2002, Jerry R. Rogers, Augustine J. Fredrich, editors, November 3-7, 2002, Washington, D.C., p. 133-147. DOI  10.1061/40650(2003)14.
   1 Dworsky, Leonard B. and David J. Allee. "Building the Institutional Memory for Federal Water Pollution Control Policy: Shared Goals and Incrementalism Define Trends." Universities Council on Water Resources. Water Resources Update. Clean Air Act. Issue #88, Spring, 1992, p. 17-20.
   1 Dworsky, Leonard B. and David J. Allee. "Has the Time Come to Regulate Farmers: We Already Do, But How Do We Decide What Is Enough, How Clean is Clean." Water Resources Update: Clean Water Act, 1992. Issue No. 88, Spring 1992. p 21-22.
   1 Dworsky, Leonard B., Utton, Albert E., Allee, David J. "The Great Lakes: Transboundary Issues for the Mid-90s." Toledo Law Review. Volume 26, Number 2, Winter 1995, p. 347-386.
   1 E. K. Yu, D. A. Stewart, and S. Tiwari, Physical Review B, 77, 195406 (2008)
   1 EMBO J. 2008 May 7;27(9):1411-20
   1 Earth and Planetary Science Letters, vol. 210, p. 35-52, 2003
   1 Earth and Planetary Science Letters, vol. 231, p. 177-196, 2005
   1 Earth and Planetary Science Letters, vol. 241, p. 913-931, 2006
   1 Economics and Human Biology, 2009, 7(3): 307-318.
   1 Economics and Human Biology, 7 (2009): 307-318
   1 Edward Dicey, The Peasant State, An Account of Bulgaria in 1894, (London: John Murray, 1894), pp. 143-151, reprinted in Alfred J. Bannan and Achilles Edelenyi, eds., Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp. 223-226.
   1 Edward Hertslet, ed., The Map of Europe by Treaty, (London: Harrison and Sons, 1891), Vol. I, pp. 769-774, reprinted in Alfred J. Bannan & Achilles Edelenyi, eds., Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp. 126-132.
   1 Edward Hertslet, ed., The Map of Europe by Treaty, (London: Harrison and Sons, 1891), Vol. III, pp. 1783-1787, reprinted in Alfred J. Bannan & Achilles Edelenyi, eds., Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp. 158-163.
   1 Electronic Access: 	Finding aid Notes: 	English Restrictions: 	Access to the collections in the Kheel Center is restricted. Please contact a reference archivist for access to these materials. 	This collection must be used in keeping with the Kheel Center Information Sheet and Procedures for Document Use.
   1 Electronic Access: 	http://cidc.library.cornell.edu/political/
   1 Emily Gerard (1849-1905), Selections from The Land Beyond the Forest (New York:  Harper & Brothers, 1888), pp. 31-79
   1 Energy Environ. Sci., 2011,4, 1946-1971
   1 Energy Environ. Sci., 2011, 4, 444-452
   1 Energy and Environmental Science, 4, 1,(225-233) 2011,
   1 Entomology Plate Project.  Covered in paper wrapper.  Contains pp.649-704 and platese Ic2, Ic3, Ic10, Ic11, Ic31, Ic33, Ic34, Ic36, Ic37
   1 Environmental Health Perspectives. 2010 Aug;118(8):1091-9.
   1 Equine Rounds,  No. 6, February, 1985
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 1, November, 1983
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 10, February, 1986
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 11, June, 1986
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 12, September, 1986
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 14, 1987
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 2, January, 1984
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 3, April, 1984
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 4, September, 1984
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 5, November, 1984
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 7, May, 1985
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 8, September, 1985
   1 Equine Rounds, No. 9, December, 1985
   1 Error in pagination: p.214-215 misnumbered 114-115.
   1 Eself-Learning in Arabic and English. http://www.eself-learning-arabic.cornell.edu.
   1 Estevez, Luis, Rubal Dua, Nidhi Bhandari, Anirudh Ramanujapuram, Peng Wang, and Emmanuel P. Giannelis. "A Facile Approach for the Synthesis of Monolithic Hierarchical Porous Carbons – High Performance Materials for Amine Based CO2 Capture and Supercapacitor Electrode." Energy & Environmental Science: 1785. Print.
   1 Ethnic notions / written & directed by Marlon T. Riggs. New York, N.Y. : Films Media Group,  [2012]
   1 Eugen Ghita, „Aspecte privind organizarea administrativ-teritorială și instituțională a comitatului Arad în secolul al  XVIII-lea” in vol. „Administrație românească arădeană”, Doru Sinaci, Emil Arbonie (coord.), Editura „Vasile Goldiș” University Press, Arad, 2011,  pp. 22-31.
   1 Eugen Ghita, „Habitatul semiurban şi urban în comitatul Arad în secolul al XVIII-lea” in Perspective demografice, istorice şi sociologice. Studii de populaţie. Omagiu profesorului Traian Rotariu la împlinirea vârstei de 65 ani / Ioan Bolovan, Cornelia Mureşan, Mihaela Hărăguş (coord.). Cluj-Napoca: Presa Universitară Clujeană, 2008, pp. 263-278.
   1 Eugen Ghita, „Populaţie  şi  habitat pe  domeniul  cetăţii  Şiria la  începutul  secolului  al  XVI –lea”  in Universitatea de vest „Vasile Goldiş” Arad, Studii de Istorie II-III, Arad, 2006/2007, pp. 13-23.
   1 Eva March Tappan, ed., The World's Story: A History of the World in Story, Song and Art, (Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1914), Vol. VI: Russia, Austria-Hungary, The Balkan States, and Turkey, pp. 370-377.
   1 Eva March Tappan, ed., The World's Story: A History of the World in Story, Song and Art, (Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1914), Vol. VI: Russia, Austria-Hungary, The Balkan States, and Turkey, pp. 381-384.
   1 Eva March Tappan, ed., The World's Story: A History of the World in Story, Song and Art, (Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1914), Vol. VI: Russia, Austria-Hungary, The Balkan States, and Turkey, pp. 385-397.
   1 Eva March Tappan, ed., The World's Story: A History of the World in Story, Song and Art, (Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1914), Vol. VI: Russia, Austria-Hungary, The Balkan States, and Turkey, pp. 410-411.
   1 Ex libris John Gribbel, and Edward Percy Rich. Binding by Riviere & Son; in blue solander case.  -- Formerly cat'd and treated as: Rare PR 4300 1786 R48
   1 Experiments in Fluids (2009), online first, doi 10.1007/s00348-009-0711-9.
   1 Exploring the Impact of Including Multi-Script Records in the Cornell University Library Catalog: McCarty, Purcell, Rich, Sercan
   1 F. Leonard and D. A. Stewart, Nanotechnology, 17, 4699 (2006)
   1 F. Zhou, A. L. Moore, J. Bolinsson, A. Persson, L. Froberg, M. T. Pettes, H. Kong, L. Rabenberg, P. Caroff, D. A. Stewart, N. Mingo, K. A. Dick, L. Samuelson, H. Linke, and L. Shi, Phys. Rev. B, 83, 205416 (2011).
   1 FORMAT: 3 v. in 2 : fold. tables ; 19 cm. |   NOTES: Imprint varies: v. 2, Kiobenhavn, Trykt paa det Typographiske |           selskabs bekostning hos A.F. Stein, 1773. - v. 3, Kiobenhavn, |           Trykt paa Glydendals forlag hos A.F. Stein, 1784. |           Contents. - 1. deel. A-L-2. deel. M-Z. - 3. deel.  Adskillige |           tillaeg, rettelser og forbedringer til de to forste deele, med |           fortsaettelse til naervaerende tid. |  SUBJECT: Scandinavian literature Scandinavia
   1 Faraday Discussions, 154, 2012, 29-40
   1 Farewell ed.
   1 Feline Forum: Are You a Good Client…
   1 Feline Forum: Be Ready in Case of Disaster…
   1 Feline Forum: Being a Good Pet Neighbor…
   1 Feline Forum: Can You Catch It From Your Cat…
   1 Feline Forum: Caring for Older Cats…
   1 Feline Forum: Cats Get Wacky on Catnip…
   1 Feline Forum: Diabetes Is Common in Older Cats...
   1 Feline Forum: Diet May Cause Urinary Tract Problems…
   1 Feline Forum: Don't Let Fleas Become FAD…
   1 Feline Forum: Don't Let Your Cat Become a Sweet-tooth Victim…
   1 Feline Forum: Ear Care Basics…
   1 Feline Forum: FIV Threatens Heath of Cats…
   1 Feline Forum: Fat Cats Have Weighty Problems…
   1 Feline Forum: Feline Infectious Anemia…
   1 Feline Forum: Help Your Cat Survive Holiday Stress…
   1 Feline Forum: Hold That Tiger…
   2 Feline Forum: Holiday Hazards…
   1 Feline Forum: Home Dental Care for Cats…
   1 Feline Forum: How Effective are the Feline Leukemia Virus Vaccines…
   1 Feline Forum: How Smart Are Cats…
   1 Feline Forum: Inflammatory Bowel Disease…
   1 Feline Forum: Is Your Kitty Overweight…
   1 Feline Forum: Keeping Your Kitty Safe…
   1 Feline Forum: Keeping the Lead Out…
   1 Feline Forum: Kitty Manicures and Pedicures…
   1 Feline Forum: Man's New Best Friend…
   1 Feline Forum: Monitor the Litterbox…
   1 Feline Forum: Myths and Facts About Spaying…
   1 Feline Forum: Never Ignore Bad Breath…
   1 Feline Forum: New Products Are Effective Against Fleas…
   1 Feline Forum: Owner's Guide to Giving a Home Health Exam…
   1 Feline Forum: Preventing Dental Disease…
   1 Feline Forum: Rat Poisons Can Harm Cats....
   1 Feline Forum: Ringworm Is a Common Skin Problem in Cats…
   1 Feline Forum: Salmonellosis in Cats…
   1 Feline Forum: Should I Vaccinate My Cat Against FIP…
   1 Feline Forum: Solving House Soiling Problems…
   1 Feline Forum: Summer Survival Checklist…
   1 Feline Forum: Take Your Medicine…
   1 Feline Forum: Territorial Marking Behavior…
   1 Feline Forum: The Cat's Meow…
   1 Feline Forum: Tips on Choosing Cat Food…
   1 Feline Forum: Traveling with Your Cat…
   1 Feline Forum: Vacation Planning…
   1 Feline Forum: What Your Veterinarian Will Check…
   1 Feline Forum: What is Miliary Dermatitis…
   1 Feline Forum: What's That Glow in the Dark…
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians,  Vol. 14, No. 4, October-December 1999
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians,  Vol. 7, No. 2, Spring 1992
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vo.. 13, No. 4, October-December 1998
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 1, No. 1, 1986
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 1, No. 2, 1986
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 1, No. 3, 1986
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 1, No. 4, 1986
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 10, No. 1, Winter 1995
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 10, No. 2, Spring 1995
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 10, No. 3, Summer 1995
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 10, No. 4, Fall 1995
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 11, No. 1, Spring 1996
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 11, No. 2, Summer 1996
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 11, No. 3, Fall 1996
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 11, No. 4, Winter/Spring 1997
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 12, No. 1, September 1997
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 12, No. 2, October 1997
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 12, No. 3, November 1997
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 12, No. 4, December 1997
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 13, No. 1, January-March 1998
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 13, No. 2, April-June 1998
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 13, No. 3, July-September 1998
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 14, No. 1, January-March 1999
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 14, No. 2, April-June 1999
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 14, No. 3, July-September 1999
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 15, No. 1, January-March 2000
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 15, No. 2, April-June 2000
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 15, No. 4, October-December 2000
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 16, No. 1, January-March 2001
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 16, No. 2, April-June 2001
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 16, No. 3, July-September 2001
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 16, No. 4, October-December 2001
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 17, No. 1, January-March 2002
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 17, No. 2, April-June 2002
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 17, No. 3, July-September 2002
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 17, No. 4, October-December 2002
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 18, No. 1, January-March 2003
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 18, No. 2, April-June 2003
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 18, No. 3, July-September 2003
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 18, No. 4, October-December 2003
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 19, No. 1, January-March 2004
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 19, No. 4, October-December 2004
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 19, no. 2, April-June 2004
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 2, No. 1, [Winter 1987]
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 2, No. 2, Spring 1987
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 2, No. 3, Summer 1987
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 2, No. 4, Fall 1987
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 20, No. 1, January-March 2005
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 20, No. 2, April-June 2005
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 21, No. 3, July-December 2006
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 23, No. 1, October 2007 - March 2008
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 23, No. 2, April-September 2008
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 24, No. 1, October 2008-March 2009
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 24, No. 2, April-June 2009
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 3, No. 1, Winter 1988
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 3, No. 2, Spring 1988
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 3, No. 3, Summer 1988
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 3, No. 4, [Fall 1988]
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 4, No. 1, Spring 1989
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 4, No. 2, Summer 1989
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 4, No. 3, Fall 1989
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 5 No. 4, Fall 1990
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 5, No. 1, Winter 1990
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 5, No. 2, Spring 1990
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 5, No. 3, Summer 1990
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 6, No, 2, Spring 1991
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 6, No, 4, Fall 1991
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 6, No. 1, Winter 1991
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 6, No. 3, Summer 1991
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 7, No. 1, Winter 1992
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 7, No. 4, Fall 1992
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 8, No. 1, Winter 1993
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 8, No. 2, Spring 1993
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 8, No. 3, Summer 1993
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 8, No. 4, Fall 1993
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 9, No. 1, Winter 1994
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 9, No. 2, Spring 1994
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 9, No. 3, Summer 1994
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians, Vol. 9, No. 4, Fall 1994
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians,. Vol. 15, NO. 3, July-September 2000
   1 Feline Health Topics for Veterinarians. Vol. 7, No. 3, Summer 1992
   1 Feline Information Bulletin, No. 1, April 1976
   1 Feline Information Bulletin, No. 2, February 1977
   1 Feline Information Bulletin, No. 3, February 1978
   1 Feline Information Bulletin, No. 4, October 1978
   1 Felis domesticus: A Manual of Feline Health 1982-1983
   1 Fernando A Escobedo et al 2009 J. Phys.: Condens. Matter 21 333101
   1 Fick, G.W.   1981.  ALSIM 1 (LEVEL 2) User's Manual.  Agronomy Mimeo 81-35.  Department of Agronomy, Cornell Univ., Ithaca, NY 14853
   1 Fick, Gary W., and Sharon C. Mueller. Alfalfa: Quality, maturity, and mean stage of development. Department of Agronomy, College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, Cornell University, 1989.
   1 Figures published in: N. R. Jungwirth, Y. Y. Pai, H. S. Chang, E. R. MacQuarrie, K. X. Nguyen, and G. D. Fuchs, "A single-molecule approach to ZnO defect studies: single photons and single defects." J. Appl. Phys. 116, 043509 (2014).  http://dx.doi.org/10.1063/1.4890979
   1 Files relating to projects with which Walter Thabit was associated include records of the Vest Pocket and Housing Rehabilitation and Model Cities programs in the East New York section of Brooklyn; planning papers and work files for consulting work in Hartford, Connecticut, and Newark, New Jersey; proposals for a variety of projects both in the United States and abroad which never materialized; president’s files of the Planners for Equal Opportunity; files on the development of new private ferry services to and from Manhattan, as well as Staten Island ferry planning; Health Pac newsletters, "Better Transit Bulletin," and Ekistics newsletters; and administrative and financial records of Thabit’s planning consulting firm. Oral history interviews by Matthew Lyons, Nov. 17 and Dec. 13, 1988. Also, "Desperately Needed Now: An SRO Housing Revolution," 1991. 	Also files on citizen participation, civil defense, school decentralization, Hoboken planning, single room occupancy (SRO), personal files, Cooper Square Committee files - including a program for the 45th Anniversary Gala (1959-2004) containing history of the Committee, and files relating to Planners for Equal Opportunity (PEO) and a collection of brochures and pamphlets on planning topics.
   1 Final project white paper, Digging into Data Challenge
   1 Fleck, Allison. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17490. May 2010.
   1 Fogle, H. William Fogle Jr. "Chapter and Alumni Operations Handbook, 1988." Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 1988.
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. "Chapter and Alumni Operations Handbook, 1989." Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 1989.
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. "DX of DKE Special Study #06: Chapter Arms and Motto." Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 2006.
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. "DX of DKE Special Study #09: John DeWitt Warner '72." Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 2011.
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. "DX of DKE Special Study #12: Registry of Distinguished Members." The Delta Chi Association, 2013.
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. "Report of the Alumni Historian, 2006." Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 2006.
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. Articles of Governance: Effective and in Force on December 12, 1994. Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 1994.
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. Catalogs of Photography, Documents and Artifacts: Delta Chi Chapter of Delta Kappa Epsilon DKE Depository. Ithaca NY: Delta Chi Association, 2004
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. Collected Reports of the Alumni Historian: Delta Chi Chapter Of Delta Kappa Epsilon, 1987 to 1996. Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 1996
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. DX of DKE Special Study #01: Pledging in 1967. Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 1989, 2005.
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. DX of DKE Special Study #02: Delta Chi Chapter Cookbook, 1963-1987. Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 1989.
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. DX of DKE Special Study #03: Deke House Terms and Expressions, 1966-1970. Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 1989, 1995, 2005.
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. DX of DKE Special Study #04: The Roosevelt Spruce Trees. The Delta Chi Association, 1988, 1993, 2006.
   1 Fogle, H. William Jr. The Deke House at Cornell: a concise history of the Delta Chi Chapter of Delta Kappa Epsilon, 1870-1949. Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 2005, 2011, 2012.
   1 Fogle, H. William, Jr. "Chapter and Alumni Operations Handbook, 1994." Ithaca NY: Delta Chi Association, 1994
   1 Fogle, H. William, Jr., "Chapter and Alumni Operations Handbook, 1995," Ithaca NY: The Delta Chi Association, 1995.
   1 For exhibit: Vanished Worlds, Enduring People: Cornell University Library's Native American Collection  -- October 21, 2005 to June 2, 2006
  37 Formerly part of the Duveen Lavoisier collection, acquired by Cornell in 1962. 
   1 Formerly part of the Duveen Lavoisier collection, acquired by Cornell in 1962. Forms part of: Lavoisier Manuscript Collection.
   4 Formerly processed as Job # 1096 by Annex Lab
   1 Forms part of:  Lavoisier Manuscript Collection
  24 Forms part of:  Lavoisier Manuscript Collection.
  38 Forms part of: Lavoisier Manuscript Collection.
   1 Framed Act of the New York State Legislature to establish Cornell University, signed by Governor Reuben E. Fenton, April 27, 1865.
   1 Frana, Ilaria: 2006, The de re Analysis of Concealed Questions: A Unified Approach to Definite and Indefinite Concealed Questions, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Franquemont, Edward M., Christine Franquemont, and Billie Jean Isbell. Awaq ?awin: el ojo del tejedor, la pr?ctica de la cultura en el tejido. Revista Andina, a?o 10, no. 1 (Julio 1992): 47-80.
   1 Frantisek Schwarzenberg. Cesky slechtic Frantisek Schwarzenberg (Praha: Rozmluvy, 1990), p. 253.
   1 Frederick II of Prussia: Oeuvres de Frederic le Grand (Berlin: Rodolphe Decker), Vol. 6, pp. 6-7./ Maria Theresa of Austria: Readings in European History, J. H. Robinson, trans. (Boston: Ginn and Co., 1906), Vol. 2./ Catherine II of Russia: A Source Book for Russian History, G. Vernadsky, trans. (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1972), Vol. 2, pp. 409-410.
   1 French Revolution manuscript collection
   1 Fritz Kreisler, Four Weeks in the Trenches (Boston and New York: Houghton Mifflin Company, 1915).
   1 From:  Harry De Windt, Through Savage Europe; Being the Narrative of a Journey (Undertaken  as Special Correspondent of the "Westminster Gazette"), Throughout the Balkan States and  European Russia (London: T. Fisher Unwin, 1907), pp. 15-23; pp. 93-124.
   1 From: Andrew F. Crosse, Round About the Carpathians, (Edinburgh: William Blackwood and Sons, 1878), pp. 178-181, reprinted in Alfred J. Bannan & Achilles Edelenyi, eds., Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp. 156-158.
   1 From: Captain Spencer, Turkey, Russia, The Black Sea, (London: George Routledge and Co., 1854), pp. 138-143, reprinted in Alfred J. Bannan & Achilles Edelenyi, eds., Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp. 149-153.
   1 From: Joan M M. Brink
   1 From: Paul, Archdeacon of Aleppo, The Travels of Macarius, Patriarch of Antioch, F. C. Belfour, trans., (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1836), pp. 96-109, reprinted in Alfred J. Bannan & Achilles Edelenyi, eds., Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp. 104-111.
   1 Fuertes watercolor
   1 GLSA, Dept. of Linguistics, UMass
   1 Gentes Herbarum, vol.III, Fasc. IV, article 4, (Ithaca, NY) March 15, 1934.
   1 GeoArabia, vol. 4, no. 3, p. 289-318
   1 GeoArabia, vol. 5, no. 2, p. 269-296
   1 GeoArabia, vol. 6, no. 3, 2001
   1 GeoArabia, vol. 7, no. 1, p. 47-78
   1 Geol. Soc. Am. Bull., vol. 104, p. 704-715, 1992
   1 Geology, vol. 18, p. 1235-1239, 1990
   1 Geology, vol. 21, p. 739-742, 1993
   1 Geology, vol. 28, p. 775-778, 2000
   1 Geology, vol. 34, no. 7, p. 529-532, 2006
   1 Geophysical Journal International, vol. 113, p. 752-766, 1993
   1 Geophysical Journal International, vol. 128, p. 617-631, 1997
   1 Geophysical Journal International, vol. 142, p. 384-408, 2000
   1 Geophysical Journal International, vol. 147, p. 630-638, 2001
   1 Geophysical Journal International, vol. 153, p. 658-674, 2003
   2 Geophysical Journal International, vol. 158, p. 1024-1040, 2004
   1 Geophysical Journal International, vol. 168, p. 1021-1028, 2007
   1 Geophysical Research Letters, 20, 1503-1506, 1993
   1 Geophysical Research Letters, vol. 25, p. 2873-2876, 1998
   1 Geophysical Research Letters, vol. 27, no. 3, 2000
   7 Geophysical Research Letters, vol. 30, no. 24, 2003
   1 George Galloway, Poems. The Tears of Poland, to which are added, songs...(Edinburgh,  1795), pp. 7-11.
   1 George M. Towle, The Principalities of the Danube: Servia and Roumania, Boston: J.R.  Osgood & Co., 1877.
   1 Ghita Eugen, "Izvoare de demografie istorică din secolul al XVIII-lea în eparhia Aradului" in  Biserică şi societate. Studii istorice./ Corneliu Pădurean, Mihai Săsăujan (coord.), Editura Gutenberg Univers, Arad, 2005, pp. 195-204.
   1 Ghita Eugen, „Aspecte juridice privind relaţiile matrimoniale în oraşul Arad în secolul al  XVIII-lea„ în „În căutarea fericirii. Viaţa familială în spaţiul românesc în secolele XVIII-XX” /  Ioan Bolovan, Diana Covaci, Daniela Deteşan, Marius Eppel, Elena Crinela Holom (coord.) , Cluj-Napoca, 2010, pp. 15-28.
   1 Ghita Eugen, „Două cazuri de divorţ în oraşul Arad în secolul al XVIII-lea” în „Studii de demografie istorică (secolele XVII – XXI)”, Corneliu Pădurean, Ioan Bolovan (coord.), Arad, 2010, pp. 63-68.
   1 Ghita Eugen, „Efectele inundaţiilor din 1771 în oraşul Arad” în „Studii de demografie istorică (secolele XVII – XXI)”, Corneliu Pădurean, Ioan Bolovan (coord.), Arad, 2010, pp. 237-242.
   1 Ghita Eugen, „Habitatul rural în comitatul Arad în secolul al XVIII-lea” în „Studii de  demografie istorică (secolele XVII – XXI)”, Corneliu Pădurean, Ioan Bolovan  (coord.), Arad, 2010, pp. 469-486.
   1 Ghita Eugen, „Sârbii – imigranţi şi emigranţi în comitatul Arad în secolul al XVIII-lea” în „Studii de demografie istorică (secolele XVII – XXI)”, Corneliu Pădurean, Ioan Bolovan (coord.),  Arad, 2010, pp. 357-368.
   1 Ghita, Eugen, „Population, Ethnicity and Confession in the County of Arad in the Eighteenth Century and Early Nineteenth Century”, in vol. „Ethno-confessional realities in the Romanian area: historical perspectives (XVIII-XX centuries)”/ Mircea Brie, Sorin Sipos, Ioan Horga (coord.), Editura Universității din Oradea, Oradea, 2011, pp. 41-54.
   1 Gillespie, Tarleton.
   1 Gillespie, Tarleton. "Copyright and Commerce: The DMCA, Trusted Systems, and the Stabilization of Distribution." The Information Society. (v20n4, Sept. 2004): 239-54.
   1 Gillespie, Tarleton. "Engineering a Principle: 'End-to-End' in the Design of the Internet." Social Studies of Science, v36 n3, June 2006: 427-457.
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 1/16/2013,  Ret'd from scanning and sent back to lab while jmb on vacation, no dates recorded by staff, 5/23/2013, Ret'd to Law, signed for by Nicole Mormilo, 5/29/2013
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 2/4/2013,  returned from scanning and processed back to lab while jmb on vacation, no dates recorded by staff, 5/23/2013, returned to Law Library 5/30/2013, signed for by Nicole Mormilo, Law Library, no treatment report appears on record
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 2/4/2013/  Ret'd from scanning and sent to lab while jmb on vacation, no dates recorded by staff, 5/23/2013, returned to Law Library 5/30/2013, signed for by Nicole Mormilo, Law Library, no treatment report appears on record
   3 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 3/12/2013
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 3/23/2012,  on resew shelf 5/21/2012, sent back to lab 6/14/2012, ret'd to LAW LIBRARY-COMPLETED, signed for by Thomas Mills, Law Library
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 3/4/2013, ret'd from scanning  and sent to lab while jmb on vacation, no dates recorded by staff, 5/22/2013, ret'd to home dept, signed for by Nicole Mormilo, 5/29/2013
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 3/4/2013, returned to lab during my absence, no dates recorded for transactions, back to Law on 7/5/2013, signed for by Thomas Mills, 7/5/2013, jmb
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 6/11/12
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 6/11/12, returned from scanning on  12/4/2012.  Returned to Law, 3/15/2013 and signed for by Thomas Mills
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 8/14/2012,  ret'd from scanning 2/5/2013, ret'd to cls 2/18/2013, ret'd to home dept again 2/20/2013 and signed for by Thomas Mills, ret'd to LAW LIBRARY-COMPLETED
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 8/22/2012
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for Scanning, 9/25/12, ret'd while I was out of the office, not checked in or dates recorded when returned, jmb,  back to Law on 7/5/2013, signed for by Thomas Mills, 7/5/2013, jmb
   1 Given to Bronwyn Mohlke for scanning 2/2/2012
   1 Glanville T, Klingborg D, Hutchinson M, Rozeboom D, Bonhotal J. 2011. Knowledgeable, Ready, Able - A Comprehensive Extension Agro-security Information Program for the Livestock & Poultry Industries. Extension Disaster Education Network. http://www.extension.org/
   1 Global Performing Arts Consortium. 1999. Japanese Performing Arts Resource Center [Cited 30 September 2005].  Available from World Wide Web:  http:// www.glopac.org/Jparc/.
   1 Google Books:
   1 Google Books:  Select chapters available.
   1 Google Books:  View entire book.
   1 Goss, A.R. and Kay, S.M, 2006, Steep REE patterns and enriched Pb isotopes in southern Central American arc magmas: Evidence for forearc subduction erosion?: Geochemistry Geophysics Geosystems, v. 7, doi: 10.1029/2005GC001163
   1 Graff, Shoshana Nicole. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17491. May 2010.
   1 Gredona, Danica. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17517. May 2010.
   1 Greenhouse Gas Sci Technol. 1:278–284 (2011); DOI: 10.1002/ghg
   1 Greening the financial sector : how to mainstream environmental finance in developing countries / Doris Köhn, editor. Heidelberg ; New York : Springer, 2012.
   1 Gruber, Matthew. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17506. May 2010.
   1 Guide to prudent use of antimicrobial agents in dairy production 2013. Brussels, Belgium : International Dairy Federation, 2013.
   1 Guo, Juchen, Zichao Yang, and Lynden A. Archer. "Aerosol Assisted Synthesis of Hierarchical Tin–carbon Composites and Their Application as Lithium Battery Anode Materials." JOURNAL OF MATERIALS CHEMISTRY A: 8710. Print.
   1 Hamilton, S.F., Hamilton, M.A., & Pittman, K. Principles for Youth Development. In S.F. Hamilton & M.A. Hamilton (Eds.) 2004, The Youth Development Handbook: Coming of Age in American Communities (pp.3-22). Thousand Oaks: Sage Publications, Inc.
   1 Handwritten Manuscript  --  For Egypt Exhibit, April 2013
   1 Harden MV, Newton LA, Lloyd RC, Whitlock KE. Olfactory imprinting is correlated with changes in gene expression in the olfactory epithelia of the zebrafish. J Neurobiol. 2006 Nov;66(13):1452-66.
   1 Harold Washington and the Neighborhoods, Pierre Clavel and Wim Wiewel, eds. (New Brunswick: Rutgers University Press, 1991), pp. 100-120.
   1 Harold Washington and the Neighborhoods, Pierre Clavel and Wim Wiewel, eds. (New Brunswick: Rutgers University Press, 1991), pp. 221-237.
   1 Harold Washington and the Neighborhoods, Pierre Clavel and Wim Wiewel, eds. (New Brunswick: Rutgers University Press, 1991), pp. 34-63.
   1 Harold Washington and the Neighborhoods, Pierre Clavel and Wim Wiewel, eds. (New Brunswick: Rutgers University Press, 1991), pp. 64-99.
   1 Harper's New Monthly Magazine for March, 1898 (Volume  96), pp. 530-40.
   1 Harper's Weekly, Oct. 13, 1866
   1 Harrison E, Bonhotal J. Preventing Animal Nuisances in Small Scale Composting. Ithaca: Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2005. 2p.
   1 Harrison E, Olmstead D, Bonhotal J, Regenstein J. Health and Safety Guidance for Small Scale Composting. Ithaca: Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2004. 2p
   1 Harrison EZ and Oakes SR. 2002. Investigation of Alleged Health Incidents Associated with Land Application of Sewage Sludges. New Solutions, A Journal of Environmental and Occupational Health Policy 12(4):387-408
   1 Harrison EZ, McBride M, Bouldin D. 1999. Land Application of Sewage Sludges: An Appraisal of the US Regulations. International Journal of Environmental and Pollution 11(1):1-36.
   1 Harrison EZ, Oakes SR, Hysell M, Hay A. Organic Chemicals in Sewage Sludges. Science of the Total Environment. 2006. 367:481-497
   1 Harrison EZ, Telega L, McBride M, Bossard S, Chase L, Bouldin D, Czymmek K. Considerations for Dairy Farms Regarding Use of Sewage Sludges, Sludge Products and Septage. Ithaca, NY: Cornell Waste Management Institute.2003. 20 p.
   1 Harrison EZ. 2006. Degradable Plastics Update. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 1 p.
   1 Harrison EZ. Home Garden Use of Milorganite. Cornell Waste Management Institute.2006. 2 p.
   1 Harrison, EZ and Eaton, MM. 2001. Role of Municipalities in Regulating the Land Application of Sewage Sludges and Septage. Natural Resources Journal 41:77-123
   1 He, Kai, Melissa Spannuth, Jacinta C. Conrad, and Ramanan Krishnamoorti. "Diffusive Dynamics of Nanoparticles in Aqueous Dispersions." Soft Matter: 11933. Print.
   1 Health Affairs web exclusive, May 14, 2009: w533-w543
   2 Health Econ. 18: S147–S156 (2009)
   1 Health Economics, 2009.
   1 Health Research Policy and Systems, 7:12
   1 Hee Jung and Mark L. Psiaki,
   1 Heim, Irene: 2006, Little, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Helvetica /  a Swiss Dots production ; in association with Veer ; a film by Gary Hustwit ; produced and directed by Gary Hustwit. London : Swiss Dots Ltd. ; Brooklyn, NY : Plexifilm, 2007.
   1 Henry M. De Puy, Kossuth and His Generals (Buffalo: Phinney & Co., 1852),  pp. 141-149.
   1 Henry M. De Puy, Kossuth and His Generals (Buffalo: Phinney & Co., 1852),  pp. 153-156.
   1 Henry M. De Puy, Kossuth and His Generals (Buffalo: Phinney & Co., 1852),  pp. 202-225.
   1 Henry M. De Puy, Kossuth and His Generals (Buffalo: Phinney & Co., 1852),  pp. 317-44.
   1 Henry M. De Puy, Kossuth and His Generals (Buffalo: Phinney & Co., 1852), pp. 149-152.
   1 Herbert B. Workman and R. Martin Pope, eds., The Letters of John Hus, (London: Hodder and Stoughton, 1904), pp. 275-276.
   1 Herbert Hoover Presidential Library, Commerce Papers, Box 176, Folder  Czechoslovakia 1922.
   1 Hermann Schoenfeld, Women of the Teutonic Nations (Philadelphia: Rittenhouse Press, 1908), pp. 278-282.
   1 Hermsen, E.J., M.A. Gandolfo, K.C. Nixon, and W.L. Crepet.  2003.  Divisestylus gen. nov. (aff. Iteaceae), a fossil saxifrage from the Late Cretaceous of New Jersey, USA.  American Journal of Botany 90:  1373-1388.
   1 Hernandez, Karla. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17493. May 2010.
   1 Hessel, Stéphane. Indigneu-vos. Spain : Biblioteca Social d'Olot, 2011.
   1 Hietala, David. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17523. May 2010.
   1 Higginbotham, James: 2006, The Anaphoric Theory of Tense, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Hirtle, Peter B.  "Archivists and the TEACH Act," Archival Outlook, May/June 2003: 3, 27
   1 Hirtle, Peter B., Review of Complete Copyright: An Everyday Guide for Librarians, by Carrie Russell; The Librarian's Copyright Companion by James S. Heller; and Copyright for Archivists and Users of Archives by Tim Padfield.  American Archivist 68:1 (Spring/Summer 2005):161-4
   1 Hong Kong Map Service : 3D aerial photo. Hong Kong Map Service, 2013.
   1 Hong, Bingbing, Alexandros Chremos, and Athanassios Z. Panagiotopoulos. "Dynamics in Coarse-grained Models for Oligomer-grafted Silica Nanoparticles." The Journal of Chemical Physics 136.20 (2012): 204904. Web
   1 Hong, Bingbing, and Athanassios Panagiotopoulos. "Diffusivities, Viscosities, and Conductivities of Solvent-free Ionically Grafted Nanoparticles." Soft Matters 28 May 2013: 6091-102. Print.
   1 Hopkins, J. B., Katz, A. M., Meisburger, S. P., Warkentin, M. A., Thorne, R. E. & Pollack, L. (2015) J. Appl. Cryst. 48, 227-237. doi:10.1107/S1600576714027782
   1 Hopkins, J. B., Katz, A. M., Meisburger, S. P., Warkentin, M. A., Thorne, R. E. & Pollack, L. (2015) J. Appl. Cryst. 48, 227-237. doi:10.1107/S1600576714027782/aj5246sup1.pdf
   1 Howell, Jonathan. 2011. Second occurrence focus and the acoustics of prominence. In Linguistic Interfaces: New Research Perspectives, eds. R. Folli & C. Ulbrich, 279-289. Oxford; New York: Oxford University Press.
   1 Howell, Jonathan. 2012. On modal interpretations of the French conditionnel. In S. Lima, K. Mullin, B. Smith (eds.) Proceedings of the North East Linguistic Society 39: 401-413. GLSA: Amherst, MA.
   1 Hu Shih papers at Cornell University, #41-5-2578. Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections, Cornell University Library.
   1 I can’t seem to find the Voyager record for it but I found this link on line:
   1 I. Savic, D. A. Stewart, N. Mingo, Phys. Rev. B 78, 235434 (2008)
   1 I. Savic, N. Mingo, D. A. Stewart, Phys. Rev. Lett. 101, 165502 (2008)
   1 IASSIST Quarterly vol. 31, no. 3-4. p34-39. 2007.
   1 ID: RIBG84-B27674 RIBG (c-9114 DCF:a RPB)   MAHG (c-9115 DCF:a MH)   RIBG-1 (c-9114 RPB *abc*)
   1 IMG_4292 on Flickr
   1 Icelandic collection, unbale to locate Voyager record for this title
   1 If these are boxes of chinese paintings, the catalog record is:
   4 Image of the Marquis de Lafayette shaking hands with George Washington. The caption on a banner above the image reads: Adieux de Washington et de Lafayette, Annapolis, 30 novembre 1784.
   1 In  hand for treatment v.14 c.1, requested repair of box only
   1 In Al Mar'a wa-Tahawlat Asr Jadid. Dar Al-Fikr (2003)
   1 In Arab Studies Quarterly, (Spring/Summer 1989: 65-82); and in Baha Abu-Laban & Michael W. Suleiman, eds. Arab Americans: Continuity and Change, Belmont, Mass: Association of Arab-American University Graduates. (1989): 65-82
   1 In Artifacts and Organizations, edited by Anat Rafaeli and Michael Pratt, 223-239. Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, 2006
   1 In Barbara C. Aswad and Barbara Bilge, (Eds). Family and Gender Among American Muslims: Issues Facing Middle Eastern Immigrants and Their Descendants. Temple University Press (1996): 129-142
   1 In Communities and Organizations. Vol. 33, edited by Christopher Marquis, Michael Lounsbury, and Royston Greenwood. Research in the Sociology of Organizations. Emerald Group Publishing, 2011.
   1 In Democratization and Women's Grassroots Movements. Edited by Jill M. Bystydzienski and Joti Sekhon. Bloomington: Indiana University Press (1999), 129-149
   1 In Eastward Bound: Travel and Travellers, 1050-1550, ed. Rosamund Allen (Manchester: Manchester University Press, 2004), 57-70
   1 In Economic Sociology of Capitalism, edited by Victor Nee and Richard Swedberg. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2004.
   1 In Exploring Positive Identities and Organizations: Building a Theoretical and Research Foundation, edited by Laura Morgan Roberts and Jane Dutton
   1 In Identity and the Modern Organization, edited by Caroline A. Bartel, Steven Blader and Amy Wrzesniewski. Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum Associates Inc.
   1 In International Encyclopedia of Economic Sociology, edited by Jens Beckert and Milan Zafirovski, 20-22. London: Routledge, 2006.
   1 In International Encyclopedia of Economic Sociology, edited by Jens Beckert and Milan Zafirovski, 375-377. London: Routledge, 2006.
   1 In Islamic Identity and the Struggle for Justice. Edited by Nimat Hafez Barazangi, M. Raquibuz Zaman, and Omar Afzal. University Press of Florida (1996): 77-94
   1 In Legitimacy Processes in Organizations. Vol. 22, edited by Cathryn Johnson, 147-170. Research in the Sociology of Organizations. Elsevier Science, 2004.
   1 In Metadata in Practice, D. Hillmann & E Westbrooks, eds.
   1 In Muslim Women Activists in North America: Speaking for Ourselves. Edited by Katherine Bullock (Austin, TX: Texas University Press, 2005: 1-17)
   1 In Muslim Women and the Politics of Participation: Beijing Platform. Edited by Mahnaz Afkhami and Erika Friedl. Syracuse University Press (1997), 43-57
   1 In Proceedings, Dublin Core Metadata Conference, DC-2003
   1 In Proceedings, Dublin Core Metadata Conference, DC-2004
   1 In Technicalities, v. 27, no. 6, Nov./Dec. 2007
   1 In Technicalities, v. 28, no. 2, Mar./Apr. 2008
   1 In Traveling Companions: Feminism, Teaching, and Action Research. Edited by Mary Brydon-Miller, Patricia Maguire, and Alice McIntyre. Westport, CT: Praeger (2004), 21-39
   1 In Windows of Faith:Muslim Women Scholar-Activists in North America. Edited by Gisela Webb. Syracuse: Syracuse University Press (2000), 22-47
   1 In lab for treatment bu Pat Fox 2/5/2013
   1 In:  New-Yorker. v. 7 (1839) -- Description: 	p. 70-71 ; 32 cm.
   1 In: Bernard F. Burgunder Collection of George Bernard Shaw.
   1 In: Lindseth Collection of American Woman Suffrage  Summary: Round fan made of light pink card stock, on a wooden stick. Text reads: "There are 53,000 more women than men of voting age in Massachusetts. DO NOT place the government of this state under the control of an inexperienced feminine majority. VOTE NO on WOMAN SUFFRAGE, November 2, 1915." At the top are the names of the Women’s Anti-Suffrage Association, its President, Mrs. John Balch, and its Secretary, Mrs. Charles P. Strong.  Returned to RMC on 10/17/12, signed for by Anne Carson.
   1 Includes correspondence between Cornell Alumni News editor John Marcham and Mrs. Donald B. Saunders, September 30, 1968 and October 11, 1968; photographs of Robert H. Ogle, Vertner W. Tandy, George B. Kelley, and Henry A. Callis (chapter officers), and of meeting places and ceremonies; clippings and articles; and posters, handbills, brochures, and other miscellaneous items of Alpha Phi Alpha at Cornell University. Includes Round-Up Banquet programs. Early records from 1910-1929 include minutes of meetings, Annual Convention Reports, committee reports, scrapbook, and correspondence. 	Contains materials related to the fraternity’s Cornell pilgrimage (2005) and centennial celebration (2006), including a November 19, 2005 album signed by past presidents and members who attended the event and a poster signed by brothers who were present at the December 4, 2006 meeting of the New York Association of Chapters of Alpha. 	Complete digitized set of the Sphinx Magazine available on a hard drive. 	Master/raw video footage filmed by Rubicon Production, Inc. related to the production of the centennial documentary film entitled Alpha Phi Alpha: A Century of Leadership. Includes 95 Betacam SP Videocassette tapes; 4 DVM 60 Mini digital videocassette tapes; and 4 hard disk drives. The footage includes extensive interviews with many Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity brothers, as well as non-fraternity members; professionally staged re-enactments of historical moments and scenes from the Fraternity’s history; and footage from events and activities at the General Conventions in Detroit and Philadelphia. Also an MP3 file containing an interview conducted with brother Dr. Donald Graham. Notes: 	Some clippings are photocopies. 	Complete run of The Sphinx magazine available as a digital file on a portable hard drive which can be used onsite in the Division of Rare and Manuscripts Collections. Restrictions: 	Box 2 is restricted to members of any chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha with current fraternity ID card. All others require permission from current members of Alpha Chapter, Iota Iota Lambda Chapter, Alpha Chapter Alumni, or the National Historian, either in person or by signed letter. Fraternity also provides list of members.
   1 Includes correspondence with colleagues and friends; personal prose and poetry; Civil War correspondence and history with papers and clippings re Burt Green Wilder’s career and service as a medical cadet at the Judiciary Square Hospital in Washington, D.C. in 1862, and as assistant surgeon (First Lieutenant), 1863, and then surgeon of the Massachusetts 55th Black Volunteer Regiment until 1865. After the Civil War and for the rest of his life, BGW actively corresponded with veterans of the war, both Yankee and Confederate. There are letters and clippings re pension requests, commission papers, discharge and parole papers, treatment of prisoners from both the North and South; a history of black soldiers; federal government segregation; clippings and letters re battles such as River’s Causeway, Fort Wagner, the siege of Charleston, Grimball’s Causeway, Fort Sumter, Honey Hill, Pocotaligo and Folly Island. (While he was stationed at Folly Island in 1863, BGW discovered a large spider later named the NEPHILA WILDERI, from which at a later time he reeled off 150 yards of yellow silk.) An account of "The 55th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, Colored", written by BGW and given as a address before the Brookline, Massachusetts Historical Society on May 28, 1914; and letters and clippings re the death and burial of Col. Robert Gould Shaw of the Massachusetts 54th Volunteers with his fallen black troops at the battle of Fort Wagner on July 18, 1863, and clippings re the Shaw Monument in the Boston Common by Augustus St. Gaudens are also included. Other Civil War reminiscences include BGW’s Civil War diary, 1863-1865; letters and newspaper clippings re Lt. George T. Garrison (eldest son of William Lloyd Garrison), General Sam Jones, Robertson James (brother of Henry James), Lt. Col. Charles B. Fox, Capt. Charles C. Soule, Capt. Wheelock Pratt, Francis H. Brown, M.D., James F.A. Allen, M.D., Rev. James H. Fowler, Luis F. Emilio, Col. Robert Gould Shaw, Col. Norwood Penrose Hallowell (Commander of the 55th Massachusetts Volunteer Regiment), Col. John L. Clem (the youngest soldier to serve with the Union Army), Gen. William T. Sherman, Jefferson Davis, and many others. 	Also contain correspondence with Prof. Louis Agassiz (the naturalist), Asa Gray, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr., and Jeffries Wyman, with whom BGW worked at Harvard University as an assistant after receiving his M.D. degree there in 1866. There are letters, papers, clippings and various medical pamphlets from BGW’s years as a professor of anatomy, physiology, comparative neurology and vertebrate zoology at Cornell from 1867-1910, where he devoted special attention to human and animal brain mechanism experiments, and the nervous system. At the time of his retirement he had gathered between 1,600 and 2,000 brain specimens with completed data. (Currently, 70 of these specimens survive.) The collection also contains "Brain Bequest" forms, and letters dealing with the reneged brain bequest of Goldwin Smith; papers relating to BGW’s laboratory studies of cats (possibly as many as 400 cats per year were used for these studies) and other "wild" animals such as opossums (including many others.) 	Also "The Wilder Quarter Century Book".
   1 Includes squeezes of the Res Gestae from the Monumentum Ancyranum (a very precious copy as the monument itself is much deteriorated since then), squeezes from Hittite inscriptions (they are published in Hittite Inscriptions, by Benson Brush Charles, the only volume produced by the Expedition), and a few other pieces that will require further identification. Notes: 	Hittite.
   2 Includes two Cornell plaques, one ca.1907, depicting Ezra Cornell; a red cap bearing a "C" with the initials "UFBT"; an original Uris Library Reading Room chair; a rubber mold for the Cornell Seal; and a bronze medallion bearing a likeness of Ezra Cornell. A set of twelve rose-colored Wedgwood plates depicting Cornell University buildings; scenes depicted are McGraw Tower (Library Tower), Willard Straight Hall, the War Memorial, Baker Laboratory of Chemistry, Sage Chapel, McGraw Hall, the Schoellkopf Crescent, Ezra Cornell Statue, Balch Hall, Myron Taylor Hall, Goldwin Smith Hall and Sibley Dome. A Class of 1958 cloth badge; a Class of 1921 scarf; five caps, two from the Class of 1929, one from the Class of 1921, one from the Class of 1923, one undated; straw hat from the Class of 1934; nine reunion jackets, three from the Class of 1929, two from the Class of 1921, and one each from the Classes of 1916, 1923, 1925 (red, white and blue), and 1927; one polo shirt from 1923; a Cornell spoon; four Cornell service pins, ca. 1955-1970; two mugs from 1912; a 14" Cornell pencil; a 3"x4" "Cornell Library Club" printing plate; a cigarette case belonging to Ralph Gordon; a trowel wielded by President Edmund Ezra Day June 22 1946 on the Day Hall cornerstone. 	Cornell plaque with wood shield and brass mounted seal, ca. 1927, belonging to Clarence Ames Dayton; 3 posters for Farmers Week, 1910; mail slot and restroom sign from Roberts Hall; graffiti sample from Roberts Hall; and a Cornell banner from a member of the Class of 1925. 	Also, library seal, n.d.; brass plaque that marked the site of early faculty residences; a set of portraits of Cornell University presidents from Andrew Dickson White to Dale Corson; a printing block for a map of Cornell University during World War II, "drawn by Ralph G. Warner with acknowledgments to Ellen Edmonsen’s map made in 1928"; a Cornell banner; a wood water pipe, c. 1875, 6’x6", removed from East Avenue, near Sage College; illuminated poem "The Hill" by Albert W. Smith; a "C" megaphone; 3" pewter owl with Cornell crest; two baseball bats, on one is recorded "Cornell 8 Harvard 5 Ithaca, May 7, 1898" (Kelton White, ’01); cane of Thomas A. Hamilton, ’69; King of Hearts Cornell postcard; Cornell souvenir plate made by Rowland and Marcellus Company; carte de visite holder, Junior Promenade, 1902; c. 1930s chart: Rate of Forgetting; 1918 watch fob; gold pin with Cornell emblem; Cornell bottle cap remover; red felt pillow with white lettering and leather Cornell shield; a Cornell University lock, 1890; a Cornell cadet helmet, 1890. Two pots crafted by Elijah Cornell, an 1891 Senior Ball medal, invitation, and bow tie, Class of 1923 cow, Book and Bowl key owned by Lord Keith Murray; Cornell Campus Store bag, straw hat, pillow, and bird cigar snuffer. 	Collection includes an historical set of three photographs recollecting the baseball accomplishment of Franklin W. Olin, and describes his home run of circa 175 yards from near Morrill Hall to near Sage Chapel; Cornell University floor runner; a pennant; a Cornell corncob pipe; a miscellany of Cornell buttons. Slides of Sage College; University of Philippines honorary plate for Dr. Emil Q. Javier. Also, Class of 1921 tie and shirt, Class of 1930 button, decals, coasters, pennants, a wooden wall plaque, a Reis Tennis Center flyer, and a t-shirt (C.U. in Philadelphia); large Cornell Seal press; three College of Architecture medals; a Balch Hall dining room plate; Sage Hall dining room plate; Class of 1932 reunion vest; Class of 1921 scarf and tie. Includes a Cornell stein, and a framed drawing of a Cornell "C" perched between the gorges, by David Seccombe. 	Also, items relating to Franklin W. Olin, University benefactor, include his appointment as a Corporal in the Cornell Corps of Cadets (May 5, 1882) signed by Andrew Dickson White; a framed display of various ribbons won by Olin for athletic accomplishment and Field Day feats and victories. Two brass plaques, for Clara Dickson White and Horace White, parents of Andrew Dickson White. 	Also, glassware with Cornell insignia: 6 brandy snifters, 12 large water glasses, 19 smaller water glasses, 9 high ball glasses, 1 Cornell mug, 1934; Wedgewood China with Cornell insignia-4 green tea cups, 5 green saucers, 6 blue tea cups and saucers, 5 red tea cups and saucers. 	Also, plaque of Ezra Cornell presented by the Chinese Cornell Alumni of North China in commemoration of Cornell’s semi-centennial in June 1919 and a medallion of McGraw Tower. 	Kroch Library construction t-shirt, 1992. 	Demitasse spoons from Hotel Ezra Cornell and two with the Clock Tower on them. 	Piece of Willard Straight Hall stump mounted in wooden box. 	"Hats Off to Hunter!" hat, signed by President Hunter R. Rawlings, April 28, 2003. 	"Flapper" dress worn by Mrs. Lyman P. Wilson to the inaugural dinner for President Livingston Farrand, held in Risley Hall dining room and attended by the Cornell faculty, 1921 (see #18-2-2018). Also, top hat from Brooks Brothers in hat box. 	A man’s stick pin with an enameled pennant at the top. The pennant is waving in the breeze and has carnellian color on the top half and white on the bottom half and the word CORNELL overprinted on the center. 	Junior Smoker committee poster, 1906 (framed). 	Also one mug "College of Agriculture and Life Sciences/We grow the ivy." 	Two silver bracelets: one 1.5" cuff with Cornell seal, one .5" with seal and images of winter sports (hockey, skiing, snowshoes, toboggan) belonging to Professor Loren C. Petry. 	Also, one lantern slide projector. 	Cornell mugs presented to Commencement volunteers, 1993, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2003. 	Framed first day covers of Liberty Hyde Bailey and Justin Smith Morrill presented to Frank Rhodes. (see #47-7-3995) 	1909 ceramic Cornell mug and miniature silver-plate Cornell mug owned by William Leo O’Hara (Class of 1909). Also 1901 ceramic Cornell mug. 	Cornell red leather sewing kit. 	Framed poem, "The Hill," by Albert W. Smith. 	Pennsylvania Railroad brakeman’s flag, retrieved by Cornellian John Kent ’48 after the Cornell Football victory of Penn in November 1948. Has score carved on it and comes with Kent’s account of the event and some notes on Cornell football teams of that era. 	Souvenir plate of Libe Tower, American Decorators, Inc., n.d. 	Cornell Laundry bag issued to freshmen in 1952.
  16 Includes: A Monsieur Paulze ... pour le Languedoc, le Rouergue et l’Auvergne (manuscript map); Direction d’Angers divisée en ses greniers à sel et depots ... part J.B. Nolin, 1759; Carte du canal de communications des mers ... joignant le Loire à la Saone ... par Gauthey; Projection géosphérique ou plan trigonographique de la France ... par Mr. Rizzi Zannoni, 1775; Carte du Comté-Venaissin; La France divisée en ses généralités ...; 
   1 Includes: A Monsieur Paulze ... pour le Languedoc, le Rouergue et l’Auvergne (manuscript map); Direction d’Angers divisée en ses greniers à sel et depots ... part J.B. Nolin, 1759; Carte du canal de communications des mers ... joignant le Loire à la Saone ... par Gauthey; Projection géosphérique ou plan trigonographique de la France ... par Mr. Rizzi Zannoni, 1775; Carte du Comté-Venaissin; La France divisée en ses généralités ...; Carte de France à l’usage des Fermes générales.
   1 Indian power directory : January 2015- updates. Guduvancherry, Chennai : IBIS Research Information Services, [2015].
   1 Information Bulletin 112
   1 Information Bulletin 233
   1 Information Bulletin 234
   1 Information Bulletin 84
   1 Information Bulletin, No. 10, 1989
   1 Information Bulletin, No. 11, 1990
   1 Information Bulletin, No. 12, 1993
   1 Information Bulletin, No. 13, 1994
   1 Information Bulletin, No. 14, 1996
   1 Information Bulletin, No. 6, September 1984
   1 Information Bulletin, No. 7, November 1986
   1 Information Bulletin, No. 8, 1987
   1 Information Bulletin, No. 9, 1988
   1 Information located on pg. 3 in:
   1 Inside CUL, September 2005
   1 InsideCUL  August 2005  http://www.library.cornell.edu/insidecul/index.html
   1 Interdisciplinarity and academic libraries / edited by Daniel C. Mack and Craig Gibson. Chicago : Association of College and Research Libraries, a division of the American Library Association, 2012.
   1 International Institute for the Study of Islam in the Modern World, ISIM Newsletter 5 (June, 2000)
   1 Introduction to Communities and Organizations. Vol. 33, edited by Christopher Marquis, Michael Lounsbury, and Royston Greenwood. Research in the Sociology of Organizations. Emerald Group Publishing, 2011.
   1 Ionic liquid-nanoparticle hybrid electrolytes, 22, 9, (4066-4072)
   1 Ippolito, Michela: 2006, Remarks on only, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Irvine, Thomas.
   1 Isbell, Billie Jean, and Fredy Amilcar Roncalla Fernandez. The Ontogenesis of Metaphor: Riddle Games among Quechua Speakers Seen as Cognitive Discovery Procedures. Journal of Latin American Lore 3:1 (1977): 19-49.
   1 Isbell, Billie Jean. Culture Confronts Nature in the Dialectical World of the Tropics. In Ethno-Astronomy and Archaeo-Astronomy in the American Tropics, edited by A. F. Aveni and G. Urton.  Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences, vol. 385 (1982): 353-363.
   1 Isbell, Billie Jean. De inmaduro a duro: lo simbolico femenino y los esquemas andinos de genero. Chap. 8 of Mas alla del silencio: las fronteras de genero en los Andes, D. Y. Arnold, compiladora. La Paz: Biblioteca Andina, 1997
   1 Isbell, Billie Jean. Violence in Peru: Performances and Dialogues. American Anthropologist 100:2 (1998): 283-292.
   1 Item [43] on voyager record has been sent for rush scanning as it is needed for an exhibit for the anniversary of the death of Capt. John Brown, 11/7/2012 - Sent to scanning 1/17/2013 - ret'd from scanning 4/9/2013, ret'd to home dept, signed for by Nicole Mormilo, 5/29/2013
  16 Item numbers l8.l-18.9 and 19.1-19.7"
   1 Item returned to Music, signed for by Bonna Boettcher on 3/6/2013
   3 Item returned to RMC on 10/3/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 Ithaca, NY 14853
   1 Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Library
   1 I’m doing some recon work and I have a treatment report for job # 0027-B91
   1 J Biochem Biophys Methods. 2005 Jul 29;64(1):59-68.
   1 J Med Libr Assoc. 2006 April; 94(2 Suppl): E107-E113.
   1 J. AM. CHEM. SOC. 2010, 132, 6124–6130
   1 J. Chem. Eng. Data, 2010, 55 (10), pp 4273–4280
   1 J. Chem. Phys. 133, 194108 (2010); http://dx.doi.org/10.1063/1.3502680
   1 J. Chem. Phys. 136, 234905 (2012)
   1 J. Mater. Chem., 2009,19, 8728-8731
   1 J. Mater. Chem., 2011,21, 10094-10101
   1 J. Mater. Chem., 2011,21, 11092-11097
   1 J. Mater. Chem., 2011,21, 11498-11510
   1 J.L. Rosner et al. (CLEO Collaboration), Phys. Rev. Lett. 96, 092003 (2006
   1 JASIST (forthcoming)
   1 JASIST, (54):11, 2003 p.1062-1068.
   1 JASIST, (55):4, 2004, p326-332
   1 JASIST, 52(4):2001, p.309-314
   1 JASIST, 55(4), 2004, p.369-371.
   1 JPL Publication 00-009 07/00
   1 Jahrg.1-6 (1898-1903); ;  Needed for Surrealism Exhibit, scheduled for 2013;  Shortcut link for this item is: https://catalog.library.cornell.edu/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?BBID=1334356&DB=local
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Repor, vol. 35, 1985
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 27, 1977
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 28, 1978
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 29, 1979
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 30, 1980
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 31, 1981
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 32, 1982
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 33, 1983
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 34, 1984
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 36, 1986
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 37, 1987
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 38, 1988
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 39, 1989
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 40, 1990
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 42, 1992
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 43, 1993
   1 James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 44-45, 1994-1995
   1 Jan Slomka, From Serfdom to Self-Government: Memoirs of a Polish Village Mayor, 1842-1927, trans. William John Rose, (London: Minerva Publishing Co., 1941[Copyright expired]), pp. 14-30, reprinted in Alfred J. Bannan and Achilles Edelenyi, eds., Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp. 210-216.
   1 Jiang, Mengxiang. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17496. May 2010.
   1 John M. Abowd, Lars Vilhuber, William Block, " A Proposed Solution to the Archiving and Curation of Confidential Scientific Inputs", Privacy in Statistical Databases Lecture Notes in Computer Science Volume 7556, 2012, pp 216-225
   1 Journal of Applied Cyrstallography (2006). 39, 358-368
   1 Journal of Business & Finance Librarianship, v. 4(2) pp. 49-66.
   1 Journal of Business & Finance Librarianship, v. 5(4) pp. 41-47.
   1 Journal of Business & Finance Librarianship, v. 7(1) pp. 41-53.
   1 Journal of Business & Finance Librarianship, v. 9(1) pp. 37-47.
   1 Journal of Business & Finance Librarianship, v.2(3) pp. 51-67.
   1 Journal of Business & Finance Librarianship, v.3(3) pp. 43-57
   1 Journal of Chemical Physics, 135, March 15, 2012, 136-147
   1 Journal of Chemical Physics, 135, Nov 2011, 184902-1-13-
   1 Journal of Chemical Physics, 135, Sept. 2011, 114901-1-13
   1 Journal of Computational Physics 228 (2009) 4588–4605  --- The Journal of Experimental Biology 212, 2656-2667
   1 Journal of Consumer Affairs Vol. 43, No. 1, 2009
   1 Journal of Disability Policy Studies, 19 (4) (Spring 2009): 204-220
   1 Journal of Disability Policy Studies, 20 (3) (December 2009): 162-169
   1 Journal of Family Issues. 30: 719-737.
   1 Journal of Family Issues. 30: 757-786
   1 Journal of Family Issues. 30:206-232
   1 Journal of Geophysical Research, vol. 101, p. 3125-3138, 1996
   1 Journal of Geophysical Research, vol. 103, p. 26899-26917, 1998
   1 Journal of Geophysical Research, vol. 105, p. 10871-10898, 2000
   1 Journal of Geophysical Research, vol. 94, no. B4, p. 4007-4013, 1989
   1 Journal of Gerontology: Psychological Sciences, 64B(4), 443–446, doi:10.1093/geronb/gbp021
   1 Journal of Health Economics
   1 Journal of Health Economics 28: 1126-1140
   1 Journal of Humanistic and Social Studies, II, nr. 4, Arad, 2011, pp. 101-106.
   1 Journal of Insurance Regulation Vol. 27 No. 1 Fall 2008: 23-46
   1 Journal of Insurance Regulation Vol. 28 No. 2 Winter 2008: 3-20
   1 Journal of Islamic Studies, Oxford, England. July 1994, pp. 324-326.
   1 Journal of Islamic Studies, Oxford, England. July 1994, pp. 326-328
   1 Journal of Labor Economics, University of Chicago Press, vol. 27(4), pages 525-587
   1 Journal of Law and Economics, vol 52,  August 2009
   1 Journal of Law and Religion, XXIV, 2, 2008‐2009: 403‐432
   1 Journal of Library Metadata, v. 12, issue 2-3, 2012, pp. 164-176
   1 Journal of Management Inquiry 15, no. 2 (June 2006): 102-113
   1 Journal of Management Inquiry 15, no. 4 (December 2006): 406-409
   1 Journal of Materials Chemistry, 20, Dec 2009, 1261-1268
   1 Journal of Materials Chemistry, 2010, 2 (9), 1653-1656
   1 Journal of Membrane Science 367 (2011) 340–352
   1 Journal of Policy Analysis and Management, 28 (4) (Fall 2009): 715-724
   1 Journal of Qur'anic Studies 4(2), 2002, pp. 54-60
   1 Journal of Qur’anic Studies 9(1) (2007), 134–148
   1 Journal of Veterinary Medical Education. 2002 fall;29(3): 162-166.
   1 Journal of Veterinary Medical Education. 2002 fall;29(3):157-161.
   1 Journal of Veterinary Medical Education. 2006 Summer;33(2):294-8.
   1 Journal of Veterinary Medical Education. 2007;34(2):139-142.
   1 Journal of the American Medical Association 302(12): 1277-1283
   1 Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology v.60 n.1 p.3-8
   1 Journal of the Copyright Society of the USA 49:1 (Fall, 2001)
   1 Journal of the Geological Society of London, vol. 153, p. 389-402, 1996
   1 Journal of the Geological Society, London, vol. 154, p. 653-666, 1997
   1 Journal of the Geological Society, London, vol. 160, p. 677-685, 2003
   1 Journal of the Geological Society, vol. 158, p. 405-408, 2001
   1 Journal of the Geological Society, vol. 158, p. 665-674, 2001
   1 Journal of the Institute of Muslim Minority Affairs. London, (1990: 373-390)
   1 Journal papers (New York State Agricultural Experiment Station) no.1418.: Applied Microbiology, vol.13, no.4, July 1965, pages 511-514.
   1 Jyoti, DF, Frongillo, EA, Jones, SJ (2005) Food insecurity affects school children's academic performance, weight gain, and social skills. Journal of Nutrition 135: 2831-2839.
   1 Karl Tuerk, Boehmen, Maehren und Schlesien. (Der Kampf um das Deutschtum, 6. Heft.) (Muenchen: Lehmann/Alldeutscher Verband, 1898) [Bohemia, Moravia, and Silesia. (The Struggle for Germandom)], pp. 17-36. Translated by Jeremy King & Rachel Coll, 2001. Explanatory remarks and original German phrasing provided in brackets [].
   1 Kazmierczak, M. J., S. C. Mithoe, K. J. Boor, and M. Wiedmann. 2003. Listeria monocytogenes sigmaB regulates stress response and virulence functions. J. Bacteriol. 185:5722-5734.
   1 Keegan, M.E.; Whittum-Hudson, J.A.; Saltzman, W.M.; Biomimetic design in microparticulate vaccines. Biomaterials, v. 24, 2003, 4435-4443
   1 Kent, B.R. et al. 2007, Astrophys. J. (Letters) 665, L15
   1 Keshet, Ezra: 2006, Scalar Implicatures with Alternative Semantics, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Keyong Li, Oliver Purwin, and Raffaello D'Andrea (2007), "Two-On-Two Robot Soccer", AAAI-07 Video Competition, July 2007.
   1 Klass, C. 2008. Apple Maggot. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2008. Booklice. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2008. Cabbage Maggot. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY
   1 Klass, C. 2008. Cigarette and Drugstore Beetles. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2008. Horntails. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2008. Insects and Firewood: Some Facts. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2008. Integrated Pest Management for the Deer Tick. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2008. Lady Beetles in Homes. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2008. Snow-Fleas. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2008. Some Aquatic Insects. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Ants in Houses. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Aphids. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Asparagus Beetles. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Bagworms. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Beetles Infesting Woolens. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Boxelder Bug. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Cockroaches. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. European Chafer. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Flea Beetles. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Fleas. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Fourlined Plant Bug. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Gypsy Moth. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Imported Cabbageworm. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Larder Beetle. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Managing Home Vegetable Garden Pests. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Mountain Ash Sawfly. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Oak Skeletonizer. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Pseudoscorpions. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Scales on Houseplants. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Silverfish and Firebrats. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Spiders. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Striped Cucumber Beetle. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Tomato Hornworm. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2009. Western Conifer Seed Bug. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2010. Clothes Moths. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2010. Drain Flies or Moth Flies. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2010. Fall Webworm. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2010. Mealybugs on Houseplants. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C. 2010. Squash Vine Borer. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Anderson, R. 2009. Bed Bugs. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Johnson, W.T. 2008. Beneficial Insects - Nature's Pest Control. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Johnson, W.T. 2008. Galls on Plants. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Johnson, W.T. 2009. Magnolia Scale. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Johnson, W.T.; Weston, P.A. 2009. Imported Willow Leaf Beetle. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Muka, A. 2009. Colorado Potato Beetle. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Muka, A. 2009. Mexican Bean Beetle. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Muka, A. 2009. Rhubarb Curculio. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Raffensperger, E.M. 2008. Beetles in Flour and Meal. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Raffensperger, E.M. 2008. Sawtoothed Grain Beetle. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Raffensperger, E.M. 2008. Springtails. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Raffensperger, E.M. 2009. Carpenter Bees. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Raffensperger, E.M. 2009. European Earwig. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Raffensperger, E.M. 2009. Indian Meal Moth. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Klass, C.; & Raffensperger, E.M. 2009. Millipedes, Sowbugs, Pillbugs, and Centipedes. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Knodel, J.J.; & Hoebeke, E.R. 2009. Multicolored Asian Lady Beetle. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   1 Kroch Library
   1 L. Shen, N. Glassmaker, A. Jagota, C-Y. Hui, Soft Matter, 4 (2008) 618-625,
   1 L. Wu, N. Mingo, L. Lindsay, D. A. Broido, D. A. Stewart, and N. A. Katcho, Phys. Rev. B, 85, 195436 (2012)
   1 LIBRARY TRENDS, Vol. 55, No. 2, Fall 2006 (Geographic Information Systems and Libraries)
  37 Label on a paper folder surrounding the collection reads: Plans de l'hotel de la comtesse de Rumford a Paris. 
   1 Laiwalla, Nafeesa. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17497. May 2010.
   1 Lajos Kossuth (1802-1894), "Claims of Hungary on the Female Sex" Select speeches of  Kossuth condensed and abridged with Kossuth's express sanction by Francis W. Newman (New  York : C. S. Francis, 1854), pp. 117-124.
   1 Lajos Kossuth, "Retrospect and Prospect" in Select speeches of Kossuth condensed and abridged with Kossuth's express sanction of Francis W. Newman (New York: C. S. Francis, 1854), pp.  392-398.
   1 Langmuir, 26, Sept 2010, 16801-16811
   1 Large paper copy; engraved title vignettes; head and tail pieces; initials.
  55 Lavoisier Manuscript Collection, #4712. 
   1 Lavoisier Manuscript Collection, #4712. Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections, Cornell University Library.  Thirty-four drawings and four engraved street plans, in a cloth portfolio. Label on a paper folder surrounding the collection reads: Plans de l'hotel de la comtesse de Rumford a Paris.   Formerly part of the Duveen Lavoisier collection, acquired by Cornell in 1962.
   1 Lavoisier Manuscript Collection, #4712. Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections, Cornell University Library. Thirty-four drawings and four engraved street plans, in a cloth portfolio. Label on a paper folder surrounding the collection reads: Plans de l'hotel de la comtesse de Rumford a Paris. Formerly part of the Duveen Lavoisier collection, acquired by Cornell in 1962. Forms part of: Lavoisier Manuscript Collection.
   1 Lavoisier Manuscript Collection.  Formerly part of the Duveen Lavoisier collection, acquired by Cornell in 1962. 
   1 LeBlanc, Jim (2010). "Measuring the Quality of OpenURL s: An Interview with Adam Chandler."  Information Standards Quarterly (22), Issue 2.
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 1991 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 1992 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 1993 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 1994 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 1995 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 1996 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 1997 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 1998 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 1999 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2000 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2001 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2002 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2003 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2004 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2005 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2006 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2007 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2008 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2009 Annual Report, 20th Anniversary Issue
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2010 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2011 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2012 Annual Report
   1 Leadership Program for Veterinary Students 2013 Annual Report
   1 Learned Publishing, Volume 24, Number 4, October 2011 , pp. 287-298
   1 Legal and business documents and correspondence of                       Walbridge and Finch, Boardman and Finch, and Francis M. Finch
   1 Letters, notes, legal documents, maps, and plates dating mostly from 1770-1794, relating to Lavoisier’s involvement in Old Regime taxation in France’s Ferme Générale, his scientific work, the Académie des Sciences (of which he was a member), and the Régie des Poudres et Salpêtres (which he administered). Also included are notes and correspondence by Marie-Anne-Pierrette Lavoisier, his wife, who translated English scientific works into French and created the plates for his Traité Elémentaire de Chemie. Letters include correspondence with the Académie des Sciences, Jean Sylvain Bailly, François Baudon, Anne-Margueritte-Charlotte Baudon, Antoine Baumé, Claude-Louis Berthollet, Jean-Antoine-Claude Chaptal, Joseph Black, Henri Louis Duhamel du Monceau, Auguste Denis Fougeroux de Bondaroy, Antoine-François de Fourcroy, Benjamin Franklin (photocopy of one letter), Jean-Antoine Lavoisier, Joseph Louis Lagrange, Marie-Anne-Pierrette Lavoisier, Gaspard Monge, Jacques Paulze, and the Régie des Poudres et Salpêtres. Other documents relate to Benoist LaForte, the Ferme Générale, the Académie des Sciences, Mathurin-Jacques Brisson, Joseph Priestley, the Régie des Poudres et Salpêtres, and other aspects of Lavoisier’s life and work. 
   1 Lewenstein, B. V. (1987). Was There Really a Popular Science 'Boom'? Science, Technology & Human Values, 12(2 (Spring)), 29-41.
   1 Lewenstein, B. V. (1992). The Meaning of 'Public Understanding of Science' in the United States After World War II. Public Understanding of Science, 1(1), 45-68.
   1 Lewenstein, B. V. (2009). Science Books Since 1945. In D. P. Nord, J. S. Rubin & M. Schudson (Eds.), The Enduring Book: Print Culture in Postwar America (pp. 347-360). Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press.
   1 Lewenstein, B. V., Gorss, J., & Radin, J. (2005, 26-30 May 2005). The Salience of Small: Nanotechnology Coverage in the American Press, 1986-2004. Paper presented at the International Communication Association, New York.
   1 Lewenstein, B. V., Joubert, M., & Radin, J. (Eds.). (2002). Achieving Public Understanding of Research in Developing Countries: Materials from a Workshop. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Dept. of Communication.
   1 Lewenstein, Bruce V. (2010). Modelos de comprensión pública: la política de la participación pública. (Models of Public Understanding: The Politics of Public Engagement). ArtefaCToS, 3(1), 13-29.
   1 Libraries & Culture: a journal of library history, 37:1 (Winter, 2002): 42-52
   1 Library Resources & Technical Services 49, no. 3 (July 2005): 190-203
   1 Library Resources & Technical Services, 49(2), 2005, pp.72-78.
   1 Library Resources & Technical Services, 49(3), 2005, pp. 148-150.
   1 Library Resources and Technical Services. Vol.23, No.1 Winter 1979 pp. 16-32
   1 Library Resources and Technical Services. Vol.23, No.1 Winter 1979 pp. 33-38
   1 Library Resources and Technical Services. Vol.23, No.1 Winter 1979 pp. 39-44
   1 Library Resources and Technical Services. Vol.23, No.1 Winter 1979 pp. 52-54
   1 Library Resources and Technical Services. Vol.23, No.1 Winter 1979 pp. 7-15
   1 Like a fragile index of the world : poems for David Skorton / written by Cornellians, past and present ; selected by Alice Fulton.  [Ithaca, N.Y.] : Produced by the Offices of Humanities Communications and Publications and Marketing at Cornell University, [2006].
   1 Lin, Kun-Yi Andrew, and Ah-Hyung Alissa Park. "Effects of Bonding Types and Functional Groups on CO2 Capture Using Novel Multiphase Systems of Liquid-like Nanoparticle Organic Hybrid Materials." Environmental Science & Technology 45 (2011): 6633-639. Print.
   1 Lincoln E. Patterson Foreign Students at Cornell University scrapbooks, #37-6-334. Division of Rare and Manuscript Collections, Cornell University Library.
   1 Livi, Sébastien, and Emmanuel P. Giannelis. "An Improved Process for the Surface Modification of SiO2 Nanoparticles." Green Chemistry: 3013. Print.
   1 Lucien L. Nunn papers #37-4-1770 Box 2 Folder 24
   1 Lucien L. Nunn papers #37-4-1770 Box 5 Folder 22
   1 Luttrell, Cecilia. An institutional approach to livelihood resilience in Vietnam, 2001.
   1 M. Nedelcu, J. Lee, E.J.W. Crossland, S.C. Warren, M.C. Orilall, D. Eder, U. Wiesner, U. Steiner, H.J. Snaith, Block-copolymer directed synthesis of mesoporous TiO2 for dye-sensitized solar cells, Soft Matter 5 (2009), 134-139.
   1 MELA Notes, Number 69-70 (Fall 1999-Spring 2000) pp 14-21
   1 Magri, Giorgio: 2006, The Blindness Hypothesis and Individual Level Predicates, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Malamud, Sophia A.: 2006, (Non)maximality and Distributivity: A Decision Theory Approach, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Manuscript pages on several different types of paper.  various dates, 19th c.-- http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/abolitionism/abolitionists/Child.htm
   1 Manuscripts, correspondence, documents, broadsides, microfilms, objects, and graphics by, to or about Lafayette and his family, with family documents extending back to 1520 and through the death of Georges Washington Lafayette in 1849. Includes texts of Lafayette’s speeches, his commentary on public events, material compiled for inclusion in his memoirs, financial statements, letters he wrote to his wife from America during the Revolution, letters he wrote while imprisoned in Austria (1792-1797); many letters from foreign correspondents on the progress of liberal causes in their countries, including letters from leaders of the Italian revolutionary movement; notes concerning the Belgian revolution, letters and documents on his involvement in the Italian and Polish revolutions, and documents concerning the management of family business affairs, including the management of the family estates. Also included are objects from the Lafayette estate, including two clocks and a life mask of the Marquis de Lafayette by Pierre Houdon (on loan from the Johnson Art Museum). 	Correspondents include: Marie Adrienne Françoise de Noailles Lafayette (Lafayette’s wife), Georges Washington Lafayette (Lafayette’s son), Philippe Beauchet, the Princesse d’Hénin, Thomas Pinckney, Pierre Samuel Du Pont de Nemours, Madame de Staël, Mary Shelley, Jeremy Bentham, Robert Owen, Thomas Jefferson, John Marshall, James Madison, John Adams, James Monroe, Andrew Jackson, John C. Calhoun, Daniel Webster, Henry Clay, Jared Sparks, Emma Willard, and Frances Wright. 	Also, videotapes and DVDs of films in which Lafayette appears as a character: "Lafayette," "Reign of Terror," "America," "Jefferson in Paris," "The Black Book," "Marie Antoinette," and "The Howards of Virginia." These are cataloged individually. Restrictions: 	Boxes 63, 72, 187, and 189 are available by appointment only, to be viewed one folder at a time.
   1 Map in 2 pieces
   1 Map labelled "A diagram of the United States" removed from volume and shelved in Mapcase.
   1 Mark Dimunation and Elaine D. Engst. A Legacy of Ideas: Andrew Dickson White and the Founding of the Cornell University Library. Ithaca, N.Y.: Cornell University Library, 1996.
   1 Marquis, Christopher and Zoe Yang. “Embracing Shared Value in China,” China Policy Review, (Issue 7 2014: p. 115-116).
   1 Marquis, Christopher and Zoe Yang. “The Sharing Economy in China: Toward a Unique Local Model.” China Policy Review, (Issue 9 2014: p. 109-111).
   1 Marquis, Christopher. “Seeing Red: China’s Wine Market,” Portrait Magazine (Issue 12, 2013: p. 41).
   1 Marshall, Joseph. Travels Through Germany, Russia, and Poland in the Years 1769 and 1770. London: J. Almon, 1772; reprint, New York: Arno Press and the New York Times,  1971.
   1 Marshall, Tiara. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17521. May 2010.
   1 Mary Schoenfelder, Technician - ready to go to Scanning, jmb 1/16/2013 - ret'd from scanning 4/9/2013, on shelf waiting return 4/22/2013, LAW LIBRARY-COMPLETED, 4/23/2013, signed for by Nicole Mormilo, Law Library
   1 Mary Schoenfelder, Technician - ready to go to Scanning, jmb 1/16/2013, sent to scanning 1/17/2013 - ret'd from scanning 4/9/2013, ret'd to home dept, signed for by Nicole Mormilo, 5/29/2013
   1 Mary Schoenfelder, Technician, 6/1/2012 - To Bronwyn for scanning 8/14/2012 -  - ret'd from scanning 4/9/2013, on shelf waiting return 4/22/2013, LAW LIBRARY-COMPLETED, 4/23/2013, signed for by Thomas Mills
   1 Mary Schoenfelder, Technician, 8/2/2012
   2 May Anti Slavery Pamphlets
   1 McBride, M., Shayler, H., Spliethoff, H., Mitchell, R., Marquez-Bravo, L., Ferenz, G., Russell-Anelli, J., Casey, L., Bachman, S. 2014. Concentrations of lead, cadmium and barium in urban garden-grown vegetables: The impact of soil variables. Environmental Pollution. 194:254-261
   1 McGraw-Hill series in mechanical engineering
   1 McKendrick, Joseph. Funding and priorities : special and corporate libraries, government agency libraries : the library resource guide benchmark study on 2011 library spending plans. Unisphere Research, 2011.
   1 Michael J. Quin, A Steam Voyage Down the Danube, (London: Richard Bentley,  1836), Vol. I, pp 167-171, reprinted in Alfred J. Bannan & Achilles Edelenyi, eds.,  Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp.  138-140.
   1 Mission Culture on the Upper Amazon
   1 Moganty, S. S., Jayaprakash, N., Nugent, J. L., Shen, J. and Archer, L. A. (2010), Ionic-Liquid-Tethered Nanoparticles: Hybrid Electrolytes. Angew. Chem. Int. Ed., 49: 9158–9161. doi: 10.1002/anie.201004551
   1 Monthly Labor Review, (August 2009): 3-18
   1 Morgan, Victoria. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available  	 http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17522. May 2010.
   1 Morrissey, T. W. (2008). Familial factors associated with the use of multiple child care arrangements. Journal of Marriage and Family, 70, 549-563.
   1 Mostly correspondence between Hill and W. Sterling Cole, Thomas E. Dewey, W. Averell Harriman, Herbert Hoover, Irving M. Ives, Jacob K. Javits, Kenneth B. Keating, Richard M. Nixon, Howard Robison, Nelson A. Rockefeller, Republican National Committee Chairman Hubert Work, New York Republican State Committee Chairmen William L. Pfeiffer, Dean P. Taylor, and L. Judson Morhouse, and others, relating to Hill’s management of the 1928 Hoover preconvention campaign and to the presidential elections of 1928, 1932, 1952, and 1956; thanking Hill for political support given personally or through his newspaper; expressing opinions on local or national poitical issues; concerning meetings of or issues facing the Central New York State Parks Commission; and pertaining to Hill’s inclusion in the Binghamton Chapter of the American Legion’s Hall of Fame (1951); and other topics. Also, Hill’s citations and awards, correspondence and other items pertaining to the SUN’S advertising and policy; original political cartoons by Bob Satterfield and others; a deposition, complaint, and other items (1932-33) pertaining to the indictment of the directors of the closed State Bank of Binghamton; payroll records (1 vol., 1915-1924) of the BINGHAMTON REPUBLICAN; photographs; related miscellaneous pamphlets, books, and printed material; and maps and plans of Johnson City and Endicott, New York.
   1 Movement Disorders 24: 731-737
   5 Movie posters advertising films involving witches: "I married a witch" (two posters, 1942), "Burn witch, burn" (1962), "Meine Frau die Hexe" (German version of "I married a witch," undated), "Night of dark shadows" (1971), "The devil’s bride" (1968?), "Season of the witch" (2010), and "Maid of Salem," starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray (1937). Also, two political T-shirts from 2010, one concerning the Delaware Tea Party (showing a witch stirring a cauldron-sized cup of tea) and one depicting Senate candidate Christine O’Donnell as a witch. 	Also, advertisement for Curtiss candy showing a child in a witch’s costume, 1955; and the November 2, 1963 issue of New Yorker magazine, with a cover illustration by Charles Addams showing a group of witches flying in formation like migrating geese. Notes: 	Mainly in English; one poster in German.
   1 Movie posters advertising films involving witches: "I married a witch" (two posters, 1942), "Burn witch, burn" (1962), "Meine Frau die Hexe" (German version of "I married a witch," undated), "Night of dark shadows" (1971), "The devil’s bride" (1968?), "Season of the witch" (2010), and "Maid of Salem," starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray (1937). Also, two political T-shirts from 2010, one concerning the Delaware Tea Party (showing a witch stirring a cauldron-sized cup of tea) and one depicting Senate candidate Christine O’Donnell as a witch. Notes: 	Mainly in English; one poster in German.
   1 Muslim Education Quarterly, The Islamic Academy, Cambridge, England, (1993: 10, 4; 35-45)
   1 N. Mingo, D. A. Stewart, D. A. Broido, and D. Srivastava, Physical Review B, 77, 033418 (2008)
   1 N. Mingo, K. Esfarjani, D. A. Broido, and D. A. Stewart, Phys. Rev. B 81, 045408 (2010)
   1 NOTIS RECORD  -  AMP2766
   1 Nagle,G.N., T.J. Fahey, J.C. Ritchie, and P.B. Woodbury. 2007. Variations in sediment sources and yields in the Finger Lakes and Catskills regions of New York. Hydrological Processes 21(6): 828-838.
   1 Nakanishi, Kimiko: 2006, Even, only, and Negative Polarity in Japanese, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Nanoscale, 2010, 2 (9), 1653-1656
   1 Nanoscale, 4, May 2012, 3625-3628
   1 National Association of Mutual Insurance Companies Issue Brief (www.namic.org) 2008
   1 National Civic Review, Fall 1993, pp. 380-403
   1 National Poverty Center Working Paper Series   #11 – 30
   1 Nature 461, 377-380 (2009)
   1 Nature Materials 10,230–235(2011)doi:10.1038/nmat2959
   1 Nature Nanotechnolgy, Vol 7, May 6, 2012, 369-373
   1 Nature, vol. 379, p. 785-790, 1996
   1 Need all pages before  1/2 title. It appears the front cover and the preliminary pp. i-iv are all missing.  ILLiad request:  1098181
   3 Needed for Emancipation Proclamation & Gettysburg Exhibit Oct 2013
   2 Needed for Emancipation Proclamation & Gettysburg Exhibit Oct 2013, Ret'd to home dept & signed for by Anne Carson, RMC, on 7/24/2013
   5 Needed for Exhibit:  Japanese American Relocation Centers
   1 Needed for Exhibit:  REX044
   2 Needed for exhibit:  Song of the Vine: A History of Wine June 5, 2008 to February 2, 2009
   1 New Directions for Evaluation, 123, 103-110
   1 New Directions for Evaluation, 123, 103–109
   1 New Directions for Evaluation, 123, 13-32
   1 New England Journal of Public Policy, Vol. 12, Issue 1 (September 1996), pp. 97-116.
   1 New Journal of Physics 10, 043025 (2008)
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Annual Report 1974-75
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Annual Report 1975-76
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Annual Report 1986-87
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Cornell University Annual Report 1977-78
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Cornell University Annual Report 1978-79
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Cornell University Annual Report 1979-80
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Cornell University Annual Report 1980-81
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Cornell University Annual Report 1981-82
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Cornell University Annual Report 1982-83
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Cornell University Annual Report 1983-84
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Cornell University Annual Report 1984-85
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine Cornell University Annual Report 1985-86
   1 New York State College of Veterinary Medicine at Cornell University 1976/1977 Annual Report
   1 New York State Veterinary College Annual Report 1973-74
   1 New York's Food and Life Sciences Bulletin Number 157 (Not Published)
   1 New York's Food and Life Sciences Bulletin Number 157 Revised
   1 New York's Food and Life Sciences Bulletin Number 158 Appendix
   1 New York's Food and Life Sciences Bulletin Number 159
   1 New York's Food and Life Sciences Bulletin Number 160
   1 New York's Food and Life Sciences Bulletin Number 161
   1 Neyrat, Frédéric. Aux bords du vide évènement et sujet dans la philosophie d'Alain Badiou. Paris : è®e numérique, 2011.
   1 Nisbet, M. C., & Lewenstein, B. V. (2002). Biotechnology and the American media - The policy process and the elite press, 1970 to 1999. Science Communication, 23(4), 359-391.
   1 No before pictures found, jmb 7/24/2013
   1 No. 27: from the collection of Lawrence Snee.
   1 North American Wildlife and Natural Resources Conference (73rd : 2008) Transactions of the Seventy-third North American Wildlife and Natural Resources Conference. Washington D.C. : Wildlife Management Institute, 2009.
   1 North American Wildlife and Natural Resources Conference (74th : 2009)  Transactions of the North American Wildlife and Natural Resources Conference. Washington D.C. : Wildlife Management Institute, 2009.
   1 North American Wildlife and Natural Resources Conference (75th : 2010)Transactions of the Seventy-fifth North American Wildlife and Natural Resources Conference. Washington D.C. : Wildlife Management Institute, 2010.
   1 Northern Nut Growers Association
   1 Note: Brittle paper, received with broken cover page and sewing
   1 Notes:	Located in the Thorne Collection. Please request assistance at the Law Library Circulation Desk.
   1 Notes: 	"Chart of the Environs of Jamaica" removed from v. 1 and shelved in Mapcase.
   1 Notes: 	Autographed by the author on p. 1.
   1 Notes: 	Copy imperfect: all after p. 78 wanting.
   1 Notes: 	Edited in pen, presumably by the author; in box 24 cm.
   1 Notes: 	Front cover lacking.
   1 Notes: 	Herndon/Vehling Collection, School of Hotel Administration. Provenance: J. D. Vehling Collection (bookplate).
   1 Notes: 	Imperfect copy; leaves B2, B7, C4-5 and all after D5 lacking.
   1 Notes: 	Imperfect: Right half of title page torn away; front cover lacking.
   1 Notes: 	In Hebrew.
   1 Notes: 	In Hebrew.  FORMERLY CAT'D AS: Rabinowitz 
   1 Notes: 	In blue pig skin slip case.
   1 Notes: 	In case with a photograph of Everett, a handwritten excerpt by him from an 1864 speech, and TLS to Marguerite Noyes frm Arthur Zinkin. Provenance: George Meade, Nicholas Noyes (bookplates).
   1 Notes: 	In contemporary binding, elaborately blind tooled, with bosses and remnants of clasps.  --  Ret'd to home dept, sgined for on 4/3/2013, by Anne Carson, RMC.  , sent back to Conservation Lab for further treatment on 7/15/2013 by Laurent Ferri, RMC
   1 Notes: 	In gray cloth cases.
   1 Notes: 	In paper wrappers with ribbon binding. From the estate of Samuel May. --  Returned to RMC ans signed for by Anne Arson on 1/17/2013
   1 Notes: 	In paper wrappers. MS note on half-title: "An edition of two copies was printed May 1912 with on page 104, line 3, ’and her tongue touched me.’ This was altered at the request of Natalie Clifford Barney (Gabrielle) to ’and her lips enfolded it.’ This is the only alteration that was made in the original MS."
   1 Notes: 	Inscribed to Harold Wentworth by the author.
   1 Notes: 	Inserted are letters from book dealer C. Lang & Co. in Rome to George Wm. Harris, Librarian about the sale of Cornell’s copy. In box.
   1 Notes: 	Last leaf lacking.
   1 Notes: 	Latin text, German text, and vocabulary in three parallel columns.  Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 10/10/2012.
   1 Notes: 	Located in the Thorne Collection. Please request assistance at the Law Library Circulation Desk.    Law Library Rare, copy 3: Vol. 2 lacks title page.
   1 Notes: 	Provenance: Isaac Rabinowitz.
   1 Notes: 	Provenance: James V. Scaife (bookplate) bound in publisher’s cloth,gilt
   1 Notes: 	Provenance: Museum of the American Indian, Heye Foundation, Marshall H. Saville Collection (bookplate); Huntington Free Library (stamp)
   1 Notes: 	Provenance: Tobias Haberman (signature); Isak Haberman (signature); Isaac Rabinowitz.
   1 Notes: 	Texts in Latin and Dutch.
   1 Notes: 	The author’s personal copy, extensively annotated by him in anticipation of subsequent edition, was never published. Interleaved volume, including 185 pages of inserted text. 30 leaves of these notes (51 p.) have been removed and encapsulated, housed with original volume in folding case, 31 cm.
   1 Notes: 	Tooled leather binding with extensive gilt ornamentation; in clamshell box.
   1 Notes: 	With: Marie Antoinette, consort of Louis XVI, King of France, 1755-1793. Facsimile du Testament. Paris, 1816.
   1 Notes: 	p. 815 plate with printer’s mark.
   1 Notes:   In paper wrappers. - transferred to Annex Library
   1 Notes:  Boxes 63, 72, 187, and 189 are available by appointment only, to be viewed one folder at a time.
  24 Notes:  Former shelfmarks:  Mss. Bd. Lavoisier QE C69++;   Duveen Lavoisier collection ms. 158.
   1 Notes:  In Judeo-Arabic  -- Rabinowitz
   1 Notes:  Manuscript notes throughout. Provenance: A.D. White (signature)  --  Description: 	119 leaves, [1] leaf ; 16 cm. --  In Harris Collection,   Returned to RMC, 3/27/2103, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 Notes:  Provenance: Huntington Free Library.
   1 Notes:  Restricted
   1 Notes: Former shelfmarks: Mss. Bd. Lavoisier QE C69++; Duveen Lavoisier collection ms. 158. Provenance: Formerly part of the Duveen Lavoisier collection, acquired by Cornell in 1962. Forms part of: Lavoisier Manuscript Collection.
   1 Notes: In case.
   7 Notes: In part, photocopies.
   1 Notes: In part, photocopies. 
   1 Notes: Leaves I3-6 are uncut and smaller than the other leaves.
   1 Notes: No. 10 in a vol. lettered: Civil War Pamphlets. 1861-67. Provenance: Andrew Dickinson White (bookplate) --  Originally processed as  Civil War Pamphlets,   v.87 in the SAT Project in 2002.  This one pamphlet has been returned to remove the covers for exhibit.  After exhibit it will be returned to have the covers put back on.
   1 Notes: No. 144, in vellum binding; in box.
   1 Notes: Provenance: Museum of the American Indian, Heye Foundation (bookplate); Huntington Free Library (stamp) - To be treated as a part of the Native American HFL Grant  -- Item returned to RMC on 10/3/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 Notes: Provenance: Museum of the American Indian, Heye Foundation (bookplate); Huntington Free Library (stamp) - To be treated as a part of the Native American HFL Grant --  Item returned to RMC on 10/3/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 Notes: Provenance: Museum of the American Indian, Heye Foundation, Frederick W. Hodge Collection (bookplate); Huntington Free Library. Additional material available in 9209.
   1 Notes: Some text in the Yao language written in 
   1 Nwachukwu, Patience. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17524. May 2010.
   1 Official Publications of Cornell University, Vol. 2, No. 9, May 1, 1911
   1 Official Publications of Cornell University, Vol. 3, No. 8, April 15, 1912
   1 Official Publications of Cornell University, Vol. 4, No. 6, March 1, 1913
   1 Official Publications of Cornell University, Vol. 5, No. 8, April 1, 1914
   1 Official Publications of Cornell University, Vol. 6, No. 13, June 15, 1915
   1 Official Publications of Cornell University, Vol. 7, No. 11, May 1, 1916
   1 Ogihara, Toshiyuki: 2006, Attitudes without Monsters: A Japanese Perspective, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 On the Maximum Stable Throughput Problem in Random Networks with Directional Antennas
   1 Organization Science 16, no. 4 (July-August 2005): 332-343
   1 Organization Science 24, no. 1 (January-February 2013): 39-57
   1 Organization Science 25, no. 1 (January-February 2014): 127-148
   1 Originally cataloged as Rabinowitz B40
   1 Originally cataloged as: Rare Bd.Ms. Rabinowitz BM675.D3 Z6272
   1 Originally processed as Slavery E.446.B81
   1 Originally treated uncataloged with title as: Yao wizard book
   1 Originally was a part of the Rabinowitz collection and cataloged as Rabinowitz 150
   1 Orignally treated and returned to RMC on 5/23/2003. Item then returned to Lab on 1/4/2013, see latest photo of both views 2003 & 2013. -- Returned to RMC 1/4/2013, signed for by Lance Heidig
   1 Oshima, David Y.: 2006, Motion Deixis, Indexicality, and Presupposition, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Outlook for travel & tourism. Washington, D.C. : Travel Industry Association of America ;  U.S. Travel Association, 2006-
   1 Oya Y. Rieger (2011): Assessing the Value of Open Access Information Systems: Making a Case for Community-Based Sustainability Models, Journal of Library Administration, 51:5-6, 485-506
   1 P. E. Hopkins and D. A. Stewart, J. Appl. Phys., 106, 053512 (2009)
   1 P. E. Hopkins, M. L. Bauer, J. C. Duda, J. L. Smoyer, T. S. English, P. M. Norris, T. E. Beechem, and D. A. Stewart, J. Appl. Phys., 108, 104907 (2010)
   1 PLoS One 4(9): e7015.doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0007015
   1 POSTER -- Restrictions:  Access to the collections in the Kheel Center is restricted. Please contact a reference archivist for access to these materials
   1 PROCESSED AS:  Yao wizard book,   Uncat'd at time of treatment.
   1 PT. 9, 1615
   1 Palm, C; & Gardescu. S. 2008. Sugar Maple and the Pear Thrips. Dept. of Entomology, Cornell University, Ithaca NY.
   2 Pamphlets and photographs pertaining to the Cornell University Class of 1880, including a letter from Justin S. Morrill to Andrew D. White; and maps of Ithaca, New York, and other cities in the states. Deed from Stephen Dodd and Mary Dodd to Jeremiah S. Beebe, Stephen B. Munn, and Horace Mack, 1828. Also two volumes of poetry (one bound and in a wooden box); and a framed photograph of Ezra Cornell that belonged to Horace Mack.
   1 Panorama photographs, including ones from Student Supply Store, Ithaca, N.Y. by the Albertype Co., Brooklyn, N.Y. Notes: 	In English.
   1 Papers Relating to the Foreign Relations of the United States transmitted to Congress December 2, 1878. Washington: Government Printing Office, 1878.
   1 Paradoxa, v.20 (2006)
   1 Parameteric Resonance of Hopf Bifurcation & 2:1:1 Resonance in the Quasiperiodic Mathieu Equation
   1 Paris, Lib. médicale de Méquignon-Marvis
   1 Park, H.J., Dingee, J.W., Fitzgibbon, S.R., Anton, A.B., Joo, Y. L., "Controlling Cellulose Microstructure via Electrospinning with Applications in Enzymatic Hydrolysis", J. Biobased Materials and Bioenergy 1, 245?256 (2007)
   9 Part of the E.B. White collection.
   1 Payne J, Farris R, Parker G, Bonhotal J, Schwarz M. 2012. Quantification of Sodium Pentobarbital Residues from Equine Mortality Compost Piles. 4th International Symposium on Managing Animal Mortality, Products, and By-products, and Associated Health Risk: Connecting Research, Regulations and Response. Dearborn, MI. May, 21-24, 2012.
   1 Pearce, Michael Robert. Accommodating the Discarnate : spirit houses in contemporary urban Thailand. Brisbane St. Lucia, QLD : University of Queensland, 2010.
   1 Pena-Herborn, J. (2004). An interaction process analysis of text-based communication in an online multiplayer videogame. Unpublished manuscript, Cornell University.
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1983
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1984
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1985
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1986
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1987
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1988
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1989
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1990
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1991
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1992
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1993
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Fall 1994
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1983
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1984
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1985
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1986
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1987
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1988
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1989
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1990
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1991
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1992
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1993
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1994
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1995
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Spring 1996
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1983
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1984
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1985
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1986
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1987
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1988
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1989
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1990
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1991
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1992
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1993
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1994
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Summer 1995
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Winter 1983
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Winter 1984
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Winter 1985
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Winter 1986
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Winter 1987
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Winter 1988
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Winter 1989
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Winter 1990
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Winter 1993
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Winter 1994
   1 Perspectives on Cats, Winter 1997
   1 Pespectives on Cats, Fall 1996
   1 Pflasterer, James. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17499. May 2010.
   1 Ph. D. Dissertation, Cornell University, 1984
   3 Ph. D. Dissertation, Cornell University, 1991
   1 Ph. D. Dissertation, Cornell University, 1995
   1 Ph. D. Dissertation, Cornell University, 1998
   1 Ph. D. Dissertation, Cornell University, 1999
   1 Ph. D. Dissertation, Cornell University, January 2001
   1 Ph. D. Dissertation, Cornell University, January 2003
   1 Ph. D. Dissertation, Cornell University, May 2004
   1 Photographic prints, slides, negatives, and short films; publications, brochures, books, and correspondence surrounding the work and personal life of a studio photographer who was active in New York City in the 1960s and 1970s. Visual materials in the collection include 960 photographic prints, 2212 slides, 490 negatives, and 11 motion pictures. Categories of material include professional work; personal images and ephemera; personal nudes; and erotica. Most of the images in the professional category are studio portraits and photographs of artists and their work, or of the artwork itself, many from "Club Burr," evidently a group of artists in New York City; another subgroup in the professional category relates to the collector’s studies at the New York Institute of Photography. 	Personal images include 600 slides, negatives and prints of female nudes, most of them studio shots reminiscent of photographs in Playboy magazine in the 1960s and 1970s; and images taken at an unidentified nudist colony, circa 1960s. The erotic visual materials include photos of male and female nudes, and nude self-portraits resembling "physique" photos by noted photographers such as Bruce of L.A., Douglas of Detroit, Your Model Service and AMG/Bob Mizer, as well as erotic films. Notes: 	In English.
   2 Photographs and other graphic materials relating to Cornell University. 	Includes seven 8x20 negatives and prints: tennis in the Old Armory (2 negatives., 2 prints); Gil Dobie with football team, freshman with "F" (1 negative); band performing in Schoellkopf (2 negatives.); audience watching football Old Armory? (1 negative); Gil Dobie and football team, 1929 (1 negative)
   1 Photographs and other graphic materials relating to Cornell University. 	Includes seven 8x20 negatives and prints: tennis in the Old Armory (2 negatives., 2 prints); Gil Dobie with football team, freshman with "F" (1 negative); band performing in Schoellkopf (2 negatives.); audience watching football Old Armory? (1 negative); Gil Dobie and football team, 1929 (1 negative); Collection consists of incoming correspondence, manuscripts of lectures, speeches and articles; manuscripts of presidential reports; manuscripts of books; copies of publications; financial records; clippings; photographs, engravings, diplomas and memorabilia; family documents and diaries. Also, some of White’s outgoing correspondence including his letters to Charles Kendall Adams, Cornell University’s second president, and William Channing Russel, Andrew D. White’s vice president; correspondence and dispatches from White during his service as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Germany, and later as Ambassador to Russia; diplomatic instructions from the U.S. Department of State; correspondence from George Frederick William Holls on various topics of state, national and international politics, and correspondence pertaining to the American Academy of Arts and Letters. Also, correspondence relating to family affairs and finances, White’s college days at Hobart College and Yale University, his professorship at the University of Michigan, his service in the New York State legislature, the founding and administration of Cornell University, educational ideas, civil service reform, the policies and activities of the Republican Party, the proposed annexation of Santo Domingo, and the study and writing of history and the study of art and architecture. 	Personal correspondence includes letters from or about many family members, including Andrew White Newberry, Arthur Cleveland Newberry, Clara White Newberry, Spencer B. Newberry, Emily Outwater, Lucia Phillips Outwater, Andrew Danforth White, Andrew Dickson White II, Andrew Strong White, Ann Bruce White (Mrs. Frederick Davies), Frederick Davies White, Hamilton Salisbury White, Helen Magill White, Hilda White, Horace Keep White II and Horace Keep White III, Karin Andreevna White, and Mary Outwater White. Also, drafts of White’s will drawn by Mynderse Van Cleef. Other correspondents include people involved with Cornell University such as Liberty Hyde Bailey, George Lincoln Burr, Ezra Cornell, Hiram Corson, Daniel Willard Fiske, Francis Miles Finch, Hiram Sibley, Henry W. Sage, Goldwin Smith, Robert H. Thurston, Moses Coit Tyler, and other members of the Board of Trustees and faculty; historical and literary figures such as Lord Acton, Herbert Baxter Adams, Lord Bryce, Andrew Carnegie, Theodore Dreiser, Charles William Eliot, Ulysses S. Grant, Justin Smith Morrill, Theodore Roosevelt, Leo Tolstoy, Hendrik Willem van Loon, Queen Victoria, Booker T. Washington and Woodrow Wilson. 	Letter from White to the Cornell University Board of Trustees about the placement of the White Library, 1887. 	Also, miscellaneous notes and lists on the French Revolution and Napoleon Collection; list of contemporary imprints; index to autographs; and various prose miscellany. Includes a White family genealogy. Also, a letter from Andrew Dickson White to Rabbi Joseph Krauskopf, March 27, 1911. Notes: 	Copies of White letters from other repositories and other collections within the department are interfiled in the collection.
   1 Photographs and other graphic materials relating to Cornell University. 	Includes seven 8x20 negatives and prints: tennis in the Old Armory (2 negatives., 2 prints); Gil Dobie with football team, freshman with "F" (1 negative); band performing in Schoellkopf (2 negatives.); audience watching football Old Armory? (1 negative); Gil Dobie and football team, 1929 (1 negative); Includes two Cornell plaques, one ca.1907, depicting Ezra Cornell; a red cap bearing a "C" with the initials "UFBT"; an original Uris Library Reading Room chair; a rubber mold for the Cornell Seal; and a bronze medallion bearing a likeness of Ezra Cornell. A set of twelve rose-colored Wedgwood plates depicting Cornell University buildings; scenes depicted are McGraw Tower (Library Tower), Willard Straight Hall, the War Memorial, Baker Laboratory of Chemistry, Sage Chapel, McGraw Hall, the Schoellkopf Crescent, Ezra Cornell Statue, Balch Hall, Myron Taylor Hall, Goldwin Smith Hall and Sibley Dome. A Class of 1958 cloth badge; a Class of 1921 scarf; five caps, two from the Class of 1929, one from the Class of 1921, one from the Class of 1923, one undated; straw hat from the Class of 1934; nine reunion jackets, three from the Class of 1929, two from the Class of 1921, and one each from the Classes of 1916, 1923, 1925 (red, white and blue), and 1927; one polo shirt from 1923; a Cornell spoon; four Cornell service pins, ca. 1955-1970; two mugs from 1912; a 14" Cornell pencil; a 3"x4" "Cornell Library Club" printing plate; a cigarette case belonging to Ralph Gordon; a trowel wielded by President Edmund Ezra Day June 22 1946 on the Day Hall cornerstone. 	Cornell plaque with wood shield and brass mounted seal, ca. 1927, belonging to Clarence Ames Dayton; 3 posters for Farmers Week, 1910; mail slot and restroom sign from Roberts Hall; graffiti sample from Roberts Hall; and a Cornell banner from a member of the Class of 1925. 	Also, library seal, n.d.; brass plaque that marked the site of early faculty residences; a set of portraits of Cornell University presidents from Andrew Dickson White to Dale Corson; a printing block for a map of Cornell University during World War II, "drawn by Ralph G. Warner with acknowledgments to Ellen Edmonsen’s map made in 1928"; a Cornell banner; a wood water pipe, c. 1875, 6’x6", removed from East Avenue, near Sage College; illuminated poem "The Hill" by Albert W. Smith; a "C" megaphone; 3" pewter owl with Cornell crest; two baseball bats, on one is recorded "Cornell 8 Harvard 5 Ithaca, May 7, 1898" (Kelton White, ’01); cane of Thomas A. Hamilton, ’69; King of Hearts Cornell postcard; Cornell souvenir plate made by Rowland and Marcellus Company; carte de visite holder, Junior Promenade, 1902; c. 1930s chart: Rate of Forgetting; 1918 watch fob; gold pin with Cornell emblem; Cornell bottle cap remover; red felt pillow with white lettering and leather Cornell shield; a Cornell University lock, 1890; a Cornell cadet helmet, 1890. Two pots crafted by Elijah Cornell, an 1891 Senior Ball medal, invitation, and bow tie, Class of 1923 cow, Book and Bowl key owned by Lord Keith Murray; Cornell Campus Store bag, straw hat, pillow, and bird cigar snuffer. 	Collection includes an historical set of three photographs recollecting the baseball accomplishment of Franklin W. Olin, and describes his home run of circa 175 yards from near Morrill Hall to near Sage Chapel; Cornell University floor runner; a pennant; a Cornell corncob pipe; a miscellany of Cornell buttons. Slides of Sage College; University of Philippines honorary plate for Dr. Emil Q. Javier. Also, Class of 1921 tie and shirt, Class of 1930 button, decals, coasters, pennants, a wooden wall plaque, a Reis Tennis Center flyer, and a t-shirt (C.U. in Philadelphia); large Cornell Seal press; three College of Architecture medals; a Balch Hall dining room plate; Sage Hall dining room plate; Class of 1932 reunion vest; Class of 1921 scarf and tie. Includes a Cornell stein, and a framed drawing of a Cornell "C" perched between the gorges, by David Seccombe. 	Also, items relating to Franklin W. Olin, University benefactor, include his appointment as a Corporal in the Cornell Corps of Cadets (May 5, 1882) signed by Andrew Dickson White; a framed display of various ribbons won by Olin for athletic accomplishment and Field Day feats and victories. Two brass plaques, for Clara Dickson White and Horace White, parents of Andrew Dickson White. 	Also, glassware with Cornell insignia: 6 brandy snifters, 12 large water glasses, 19 smaller water glasses, 9 high ball glasses, 1 Cornell mug, 1934; Wedgewood China with Cornell insignia-4 green tea cups, 5 green saucers, 6 blue tea cups and saucers, 5 red tea cups and saucers. 	Also, plaque of Ezra Cornell presented by the Chinese Cornell Alumni of North China in commemoration of Cornell’s semi-centennial in June 1919 and a medallion of McGraw Tower. 	Kroch Library construction t-shirt, 1992. 	Demitasse spoons from Hotel Ezra Cornell and two with the Clock Tower on them. 	Piece of Willard Straight Hall stump mounted in wooden box. 	"Hats Off to Hunter!" hat, signed by President Hunter R. Rawlings, April 28, 2003. 	"Flapper" dress worn by Mrs. Lyman P. Wilson to the inaugural dinner for President Livingston Farrand, held in Risley Hall dining room and attended by the Cornell faculty, 1921 (see #18-2-2018). Also, top hat from Brooks Brothers in hat box. 	A man’s stick pin with an enameled pennant at the top. The pennant is waving in the breeze and has carnellian color on the top half and white on the bottom half and the word CORNELL overprinted on the center. 	Junior Smoker committee poster, 1906 (framed). 	Also one mug "College of Agriculture and Life Sciences/We grow the ivy." 	Two silver bracelets: one 1.5" cuff with Cornell seal, one .5" with seal and images of winter sports (hockey, skiing, snowshoes, toboggan) belonging to Professor Loren C. Petry. 	Also, one lantern slide projector. 	Cornell mugs presented to Commencement volunteers, 1993, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2003. 	Framed first day covers of Liberty Hyde Bailey and Justin Smith Morrill presented to Frank Rhodes. (see #47-7-3995) 	1909 ceramic Cornell mug and miniature silver-plate Cornell mug owned by William Leo O’Hara (Class of 1909). Also 1901 ceramic Cornell mug. 	Cornell red leather sewing kit. 	Framed poem, "The Hill," by Albert W. Smith. 	Pennsylvania Railroad brakeman’s flag, retrieved by Cornellian John Kent ’48 after the Cornell Football victory of Penn in November 1948. Has score carved on it and comes with Kent’s account of the event and some notes on Cornell football teams of that era. 	Souvenir plate of Libe Tower, American Decorators, Inc., n.d. 	Cornell Laundry bag issued to freshmen in 1952.
   1 Photographs, clippings, brochures, correspondence and other materials relating to Cornell University buildings. Notes: 	In English.
   1 Phys Rev E Stat Nonlin Soft Matter Phys. 2010 Oct; 82(4 Pt 1):041404. Epub 2010 Oct 15
   1 Phys Rev Lett. 2008 Nov 21;101(21):218301. Epub 2008 Nov 17.
   1 Phys. Rev. B 89, 094513 (2014)
   2 Phys. Rev. E, 70, 056115
   1 Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics, 13, 2011, 40, 18115-18122
   1 Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics, July 2011, 13, 14457-14461
   1 Physical Review E, 83, 2011, 041402-1-5
   1 Physical Review Letter, 107, Dec 2011, 268302-1-5
   1 Physical Review Letters, 107, 9/1/2011, 105503-1-5
   1 Physicist. 	Professional papers and correspondence relating to his work at Newman Laboratory and in the Physics Department, especially files relating to the Cornell Electron Storage Ring (CESR) and the Superconducting Supercollider (SSC). Also includes information about Robert Wilson and his memorial service. 	Personal papers, including diplomas and certificated; photographs; files about his retirement celebration; obituaries and memorial statements; and clippings.
   1 Picked up by Rhea Garin, for scanning, 2/8/2013
   1 Picked up by Rhea Garin, for scanning, 2/8/2013 - Ret'd from scann on 4/26/2013 -   Returned to RMC and signed for by Fredrika Loew, on 4/30/2013
   1 Picked up by Rhea Garin, for scanning, 2/8/2013 - Ret'd from scanning on 4/26/2013 - Returned to RMC and signed for by Fredrika Loew, on 4/30/2013
   1 Picked up on 11/28/2012, and signed for by Anne Carson, RMC
   1 Ping Li, Anshumali Shrivastava and Arnd Christian König. b-Bit Minwise Hashing in Practice.  Internetware 2013. October 2013.
   2 Plans for campus buildings
   1 Poetry 190/1 (April 2007), 21-23
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 1, No. 1, April, 2008
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 1, No. 2, May, 2008
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 1, No. 3, June, 2008
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 1, No. 4, July, 2008
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 1, No. 5, August, 2008
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 1, No. 6, September, 2008
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 1, No. 6, September, 2008 (Addendum)
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 1, No. 7, October, 2008
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 1, No. 8, November, 2008
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 1, No. 9, December, 2008
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 1, January, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 10, October, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 11, November, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 12, December, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 2, February, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 3, March, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 4, April, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 5, May, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 6, June, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 7, July, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 8, August, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 2, No. 9, September, 2009
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 3, No. 1, January, 2010
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 3, No. 10, October, 2010
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 3, No. 11, November, 2010
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 3, No. 12, December, 2010
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 3, No. 2-3, March, 2010
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 3, No. 4, April, 2010
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 3, No. 5, May, 2010
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 3, No. 6, June, 2010
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 3, No. 7, July, 2010
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 3, No. 8, August, 2010
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 3, No. 9, September, 2010
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 4, No. 1-2, January-February, 2011
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 4, No. 3-4, March-April, 2011
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 4, No. 5-6, May-June, 2011
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 4, No. 7-8, July-August, 2011
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 4, No. 9-10, July-August, 2011
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 5, No. 1-2, January-February 2012
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 5, No. 11-12, November-December 2012
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 5, No. 11-12, November-December, 2011
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 5, No. 3-4, March-April, 2012
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 5, No. 5-6, May-June, 2012
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 5, No. 7-8, July-August, 2012
   1 Points of Interest in Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 5, No. 9-10, September-October 2012
   1 Points of Interest: Department of Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 6, No. 1-2, January-February 2013
   1 Points of Interest: Department of Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 6, No. 3-4, March-April 2013
   1 Points of Interest: Department of Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 6, No. 5-6, May-June, 2013
   1 Points of Interest: Department of Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 6, No. 7-8, September-October, 2013
   1 Points of Interest: Department of Biomedical Sciences, Vol. 6, No. 9-10, November-December 2013
   1 Polanco, Jean Carlos. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17500. May 2010.
   1 Policy Brief 2009-PB-13 Networks Financial Institute (www.networksfinancialinstitute.org) December 2009
   2 Polymer, 50 (11), 2384-2392, May 22, 2009
   1 Polymer, 50 (11), 2402-2410, May 22, 2009
   1 Polymer, 51 (12), 2636-2642, May 28, 2010
   1 Polymer, 53, 2012, 422-426
   1 Polymer, Volume 51, Issue 2, 21 January 2010, Pages 469-474
   1 Portal, (2):1, 2002, p. 155-166
   1 Portal, (3):1, 2003, p. 41-51.
   1 Portal, (4):3, 2004, p. 379-392.
   1 Portal, 3(4), 2003, p.547-562
   1 Portal, 5(2), 2005, pp. 149-150
   1 Pre-Veterinary Newsletter,  August 2011
   1 Pre-Veterinary Newsletter, April 2013
   1 Pre-Veterinary Newsletter, December 2011
   1 Pre-Veterinary Newsletter, December 2012
   1 Pre-Veterinary Newsletter, July 2013
   1 Pre-Veterinary Newsletter, June 2011
   1 Pre-Veterinary Newsletter, June 2012
   1 Pre-Veterinary Newsletter, March 2011
   1 Pre-Veterinary Newsletter, March 2012
   1 Pre-Veterinary Newsletter, September 2012
   1 Presentation at 2012 Plastics Recycling Conference, Atlanta, GA
   1 Presented to the Wason Collection by Edward C. Sampson.-----Items with the following job numbers were all found together, be sure to check all associated job numbers: Conservation treatment # 0060-B90 ; Conservation treatment # 0061-B90 ; Conservation treatment # 0061-P90 ; Conservation treatment # 0596-R91
   1 Previously published in: Dotterweich, J. (2006). Positive Youth Development Resource Manual. Ithaca, NY: ACT for Youth Center of Excellence
   1 Prince Richard Metternich, ed. Memoirs of Prince Metternich, 1773-1815.  Volume II. Translated by Mrs. Alexander Napier. Classified and arranged by M.A. de Klinkowstrom (New York: Howard Fertig, 1970).
   1 Prince Richard Metternich, ed. Memoirs of Prince Metternich, 1815-1829.  Volume IV. Translated by Mrs. Alexander Napier. Classified and arranged by M.A. de Klinkowstrom (New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1880-82).
   1 Prince Richard Metternich, ed. Memoirs of Prince Metternich, 1830-1835.  Volume V. Translated by Gerard W. Smith. Classified and arranged by M.A. de Klinkowstrom (New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1880-82)
   2 Prince Richard Metternich, ed. Memoirs of Prince Metternich, 1830-1835. Volume V. Translated by Gerard W. Smith. Classified and arranged by M.A. de Klinkowstrom (New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1880-82)
   1 Princeton’s copy: Author		Beauchamp, Jereboam O  Title		The confession of Jereboam O. Beauchamp - who was executed at Frankfort, Ky., on the 7th of July, 1826, for the murder of Col. Solomon P. Sharp, a member of the legislature, and late attorney general of Ky  Published	Bloomfield, Ky : Printed for the publisher, 1826  Edition  Description	Pref. signed (p. 4): J. O. Beauchamp, May 22, 1826, Error in pagination: page numbers 109-112 omitted, Reproduction of original from Huntington Library,Sabin no. 4159  Subject	 	Beauchamp, Jereboam O Sharp, Solomon P Murder  Yale’s copy: Author		Beauchamp, Jereboam O  Title		The confession of Jereboam O. Beauchamp - Who was executed at Frankfort, Ky. on the 7th of July, 1826.  For the murder of Col. Solomon P. Sharp, a member of the legislature, and late attorney general of Ky  Published	Bloomfield, Ky : Printed for the publisher [G.S. Hammond], 1826  Edition  Description - Pages 110-130 misnumbered 114-134  Subject - Beauchamp, Jereboam Sharp, Solomon P Murder - sent to scanning 1/17/2013
   2 Prints, negatives, and glass plate negatives documenting many aspects and areas of Cornell life, including faculty, buildings, individuals, groups, alumni functions, academic departments, athletics, students’ cartes-de-visite, and agriculture. 	"Founder and Faculty of Cornell University Photographed by Purdy and Frear, Ithaca, N.Y." framed photograph, with individuals identified.
   1 Proc. 1st Int. Symp. Eastern Mediterranean Geology, Bull. Earth Sci., 20, Cukurova Univ., Adana, Turkey, 111-118, 1992
   1 Proceeding of the 4th Annual Conference: "Why Democracy and Why Now?" In Center for the Study of Islam and Democracy (May 16-17, 2003).
   1 Proceedings of 10th Annual Oregon Programming Languages Summer School
   1 Proceedings of the 2010 18th Pacific Conference on Computer Graphics and Applications
   1 Proceedings of the AQUAVET 20th Anniversary Conference, Marine Biological Laboratory, Woods Hole, Massachusetts, November 14-17, 1996
   1 Proceedings of the Feline Health Symposium at the New York State College of Veterinary Medicine, Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y. on June 5, 1976.
   1 Proceedings, 8111, 2011, 811108-1-9
   1 Proceedings, Speeches, &c., at the Dinner  Given to Louis Kossuth, at the National Hotel, Washington, Jan. 7, 1852 (Washington:  Printed at the Globe Office, 1852)
   1 Property of Acacia Fraternity Corporation
  24 Provenance: Formerly part of the Duveen Lavoisier collection, acquired by Cornell in 1962.
   1 Provenance: Huntington Free Library (stamp)
   1 Provenance: Museum of the American Indian, Heye Foundation (bookplate); Huntington Free Library (stamp); A.E. Douglas (signature)
   1 Provenance: Museum of the American Indian, Heye Foundation (bookplate); Huntington Free Library (stamp); Mercantile Library (bookplate; stamp); Mercantile Library Association (stamp)
   1 Provenance: Museum of the American Indian, Heye Foundation (bookplate); Huntington Free Library (stamp); Seventh Regiment Military Library (bookplate)
   1 Pt. 1, 1619, 2nd Impression
   1 Public Archives Canada. Manuscript Division. Numismatic and Antiquarian Society of Montreal finding aid no. 1308, 1981
   1 Publication of artwork requires permission of the Estate of the Artist.Box 30 restricted. See box list for more information
   1 Published: 	1511-1650.
   1 Publisher Number: 	1346 C. F. Peters
   1 Puckett, Jason, 1969- Zotero : a guide for librarians, researchers, and educators. Chicago : Association of College and Research Libraries, 2011.
   1 Pure and Applied Geophysics, vol. 158, p. 1121-1163, 2001
   1 Qi, Genggeng, Liling Fu, Brian Hyun Choi, and Emmanuel Giannelis. "Efficient CO2 Sorbents Based on Silica Foam with Ultra-large Mesopores." Energy & Envoronmental Science 5 (2012): 7368-375. Print.
   1 R. W. Seton-Watson, Masaryk in England.  (Cambridge: The University Press and Macmillian Company, New York, 1943.
   3 R.W. Seton-Watson, The South Slav Question and the Habsburg Monarchy. London: Constable and Co., 1911.
   1 R05-1. Department of Crop and Soil Sciences, Cornell University.  2005.
   1 RLG DigiNews 11:1 (15 April 2007)
   1 RLG Diginews 7:6 (December 15, 2003)
   1 Rare & Manuscript Collections
   1 Reall, Joseph H., "New York Agricultural Experiment Station," Agricultural Review and Journal of the American Agricultural Association, vol.2, no.3, August 1882, pages 70-76.
   1 Recataloged from Rare Bd Ms BX C57 O65++
   1 Redivider 5(1) (Fall 2007), 81
   1 Related exhibition Web site  -- Summary: Approximately 5,500 promotional and commemorative items in a variety of formats, including cartoons, prints, and posters; lapel buttons, ribbons, medals, textiles, hats, and other costume items; ballots, broadsides, leaflets, and other ephemera; pamphlets and other formal publications; sheet music and songbooks; scrapbooks; and three-dimensional items relating to United States presidential campaigns, as well as a small amount of material on candidates for other offices. 	Also, biographical information about Susan H. Douglas and a CD with images of a scrapbook she kept about her collection
   1 Religion And Education, 25, 1 & 2, (Winter 1998), 5-19
   1 Religion and Education, Volume 25, Number 1 & 2, (Winter) 1998
   1 Religion and Public Education, (1993: 20, 1, 2 & 3; 84-98)
   1 Report of the College of Veterinary Medicine 1992-1993 and 1993-1994
   1 Report of the Special Committee Appointed by the Common Council of the City of New York to make Arrangements for the Reception of Gov. Louis Kossuth the Distinguished Hungarian Patriot (New York: Common Council, 1852), pp. 494-518.
   1 Report of the Special Committee on the Problem of Hungary, UN General Assembly, Official Records: Eleventh Session, Supplement No. 18 (A/3592) p. 69.
   1 Reports and studies, including plans, blueprints, photographs, publications, contracts, and drawings pertaining to transportation, parkways, and city planning projects in Queens, Westchester County, Long Island, Buffalo, and New York, New York; Bethlehem, Pennsylvania; and other places. Also, includes planning material pertaining to the 1964 World’s Fair in New York City and a report prepared for Cornell University on Cornell Heights, 1987.
   1 Research Facts and Findings, November 2004
   1 Research Library Issues: A Bimonthly Report from ARL, CNI, and SPARC, no. 266 (October 2009): 1–6. http://www.arl.org/resources/pubs/rli/archive/rli266.shtml.
   1 Research fACTs and Findings, November 2009
   1 Research in Organizational Behavior 29 (2009): 283-302
   1 Rest of the News
   1 Restaurant industry forecast .  Washington, D.C. : National Restaurant Association
   2 Restrictions: 	Access to the collections in the Kheel Center is restricted. Please contact a reference archivist for access to these materials. 	This collection must be used in keeping with the Kheel Center Information Sheet and Procedures for Document Use.
   1 Restrictions: 	Access to the collections in the Kheel Center is restricted. Please contact a reference archivist for access to these materials.  --  bibl # 8067856
   1 Restrictions: 	Open to researchers in keeping with repository rules.
   1 Ret'd from scanning 4/9/2013, Ret'd to Law, signed for by Nicole Mormilo, 5/29/2013
   1 Ret'd from scanning 4/9/2013,ret'd to Law & signed for by Nicole Mormilo, 5/29/2013
   1 Ret'd to Law, 6/26/2012, signed for by Thomas Mills
   1 Ret'd to Music, 4/4/2013, signed for by Bonna Boettcher, Music Library
   4 Ret'd to home dept & signed for by Anne Carson, RMC, 7/17/2013
   2 Ret'd to home dept 12/8/2009, sent for Scanning by Thomas Mills, to Bronwyn on 10/27/11 as part of the project, verified by Bronwyn 1/9/2012, Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 6/13/12.
   1 Ret'd to home dept 5/29/2013, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 Ret'd to home dept 8/27/2010, sent for Scanning by Thomas Mills, to Bronwyn on 10/27/11 as part of the project, verified by Bronwyn 1/9/2012, Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 2/14/12.
   1 Ret'd to home dept 8/27/2010, sent to scanning by Law, verified by Bronwyn 1/9/2012, Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 3/21/12.
   1 Ret'd to home dept 8/4/2008, sent to Bronwyn for Scanning 9/12/2011, sent to scanning by Law, verified by Bronwyn 1/9/2012, Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 6/13/12.
   2 Ret'd to home dept 8/4/2008, sent to scanning by Law, verified by Bronwyn 1/9/2012, Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 6/13/12.
   1 Ret'd to home dept, 6/25/2013 and signed for by Lance Heidig, RMC
   1 Ret'd to home dept, 7/24/2013, signed for by Anne Carson, RMC
   1 Ret'd to home dept, sent to scanning by Law, verified by Bronwyn 1/9/2012,Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 2/14/12.
   1 Ret'd to home dept, signed for by Anne Carson, RMC, on 7/24/2013
   1 Rett, Jessica: 2006, How many Maximizes in the Balkan Sprachbund, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Return to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on
   3 Return to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 9/19/12.
   9 Return to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 9/26/12.
   1 Returned from Scanning, 4/26/2013
   1 Returned to Kheel Center and signed for by Marcia Clark on
   1 Returned to Lab, housing not to the liking of the current curator, will be rehoused according to his wishes,6/12/2013 -- returned to RMC again and signed for by Anne Carson on 6/19/2013
   1 Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 2/14/12
   1 Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 3/21/12.
   1 Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 6/13/12.
   2 Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 6/26/12.
   2 Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 6/28/12.
   1 Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 6/28/2012.
   1 Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 8/13/12.
   2 Returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 9/20/12.
   2 Returned to Law Library, signed for by Thomas Mills 2/20/2013
   1 Returned to Law and signed for by Janet Gillespie on 9/14/12.
   1 Returned to Music Library and signed for by Bonna Boettcher on 9/24/12.
   1 Returned to Music Library, signed for by Eric Feinstein, 3/11/13
   1 Returned to Music Library, signed for by Eric Feinstein, 3/11/2013
   1 Returned to RMC 11/24/2010, signed for by Anne Carson.
   1 Returned to RMC 12/19/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 Returned to RMC 5/22/2013, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 Returned to RMC 9/26/12, signed for by Anne Carson.
   1 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 5/14/2013
   2 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 5/22/2013
   1 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 5/22/2013, sent back to Conservation Lab for further treatment on 7/15/2013 by Laurent Ferri, RMC
   4 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 8/1/12.
   3 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 9/19/12.
   3 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 9/5/12.
   1 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson, 6/5/2013
   1 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson, RMC 12/19/12
   1 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson, RMC on 6/5/2013
   1 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson, RMC on 6/5/2013, back to lab for further treatment on 7/17/2013
   2 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson, RMC, 3/6/2013
   1 Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson, RMC, 3/6/2013.  This item has been returned for enclosure 4/10/2013 and is included with 20 other posters (# 2, 3, 7, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15, 18, 19, 23, 27, 37, 45, 46, 50, 51, 52, and 60) sent for treatment with job # Conservation Treatment Job # 12718, see that record
   1 Returned to RMC and signed for by Fredrika Loew, 5/16/2013
   1 Returned to RMC and signed for by Lucy Burgess, 2/17/03
   3 Returned to RMC on 10/17/12, signed for by Anne Carson.
   1 Returned to RMC on 5/13/2013, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 Returned to RMC on 9/5/12, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 Returned to RMC, and signed for by Anne Carson on 8/14/12.
   1 Returned to home department on 4/5/2012 and signed for by Bonna Boettcher, Music Library
   1 Reverie : Midwest African American literature. Detroit, Mich. : Aquarius Press. v. 5 (2011)
   1 Review of Scientific Instruments, 82, 2011, 104905-1-7
   1 Revisiting Geneva : Robert Kingdon and the coming of the French wars of religion / edited by S.K. Barker. St. Andrews : Centre for French History and Culture of the University of St. Andrews, 2012.
   1 Risk Management and Insurance Review Vol. 12 No. 1 Winter 2009: 37-64
   1 Risk Management and Insurance Review, 2009, Vol. 12, No. 1, 39-66
   1 Rita Kohrman. Curriculum Materials Collections and Centers: Legacies from the Past, Visions of the Future. Chicago: ACRL, 2012.
   1 Rolled panoramic photo of Annual Meeting of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology (1923)
   1 Romero, Maribel: 2006, On Concealed Questions, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Rothschild, Daniel: 2006, Non-Monotonic NPI-Licensing, Definite Descriptions, and Grammaticalized Implicatures, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Russ Woodroofe, Shelling the coset poset, 2003, arXiv:math.NT/9810036
   1 S. K. Subramanian, Yan Li, L. M. Cathles, Assessing preferential flow by simultaneously injecting nanoparticle and chemical tracers, WRR, Water Resources Research, VOL. 49, 29–42, Jan 2013
   1 S. Mukhopadhyay and D. A. Stewart, Phys. Rev. B, 89, 054302 (2014)
   1 S. Mukhopadhyay and D. A. Stewart, Phys. Rev. Lett., 113, 025901 (2014)
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_001,
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_011, SAT_012, SAT_013, SAT_014, SAT_015, SAT_016, 
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_036, SAT_037, SAT_038, SAT_039,    SAT_040,   SAT_041,   SAT_042,   SAT_043,   SAT_044,   SAT_045,   SAT_046,   SAT_047,   SAT_048, \SAT_049
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_03_01, SAT_03_02, SAT_03_03
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_05_01, SAT_05_02
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_05_01, SAT_05_02, SAT_05_03, SAT_05_04, SAT_05_05, SAT_05_06, SAT_05_07, SAT_05_08
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_069, SAT_070, SAT_071, SAT_072, SAT_073
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_06_01, SAT_06_02, SAT_06_03, SAT_06_04, SAT_06_05, SAT_06_06
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_074, SAT_075, SAT_076, SAT_077,
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_07_01, SAT_07_02, SAT_07_03, SAT_07_04,  SAT_07_05
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_10_01, SAT_10_02, SAT_10_03, SAT_10_04, SAT_10_05, SAT_10_06, SAT_10_07, SAT_10_08, SAT_10_09, SAT_10_10, SAT_10_11, SAT_10_12, SAT_10_13, SAT_10_14, SAT_10_15
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_110, SAT_111, SAT_112, SAT_113, SAT_114, SAT_115, SAT_116, SAT_117
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_11_01, SAT_11_02, SAT_11_03, SAT_11_04, SAT_11_05, SAT_11_06, SAT_11_07, SAT_11_08, SAT_11_09
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_120, SAT_120.1, SAT_120.2
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_128, SAT_129, SAT_130, SAT_131, SAT_132, SAT_133, SAT_133.5
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_134, SAT_135, SAT_136, SAT_137, SAT_138, SAT_139, and SAT_141, SAT_142, SAT_143, SAT_144, SAT_145, SAT_146, SAT_147, SAT_148, and  SAT_473
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_161, SAT_162, SAT_163, SAT_164, SAT_165, SAT_166, SAT_167, SAT_168, SAT_169, SAT_170, SAT_171, SAT_172, SAT_173, SAT_174, SAT_175, SAT_176, SAT_177, SAT_178
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_179, SAT_180, SAT_181, SAT_182, SAT_183, SAT_184, SAT_185, SAT_186, SAT_187, SAT_188, SAT_189, SAT_190, SAT_191, SAT_192, SAT_193, SAT_194
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_195, SAT_196, SAT_197, SAT_198, SAT_199, SAT_200, SAT_201, SAT_202, SAT_203, SAT_204, SAT_205, SAT_206, SAT_207, SAT_208, SAT_209, SAT_210, SAT_211, SAT_212, SAT_213, SAT_214, SAT_215
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_21_01, SAT_21_02, SAT_21_03, SAT_21_04, SAT_21_05, SAT_21_06, SAT_21_07, SAT_21_08, SAT_21_09, SAT_21_10, SAT_21_11, SAT_21_12, SAT_21_13, SAT_21_14
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_244, SAT_245, SAT_246	,
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_269,
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_281, SAT_282, SAT_283, SAT_284, SAT_285, SAT_286, SAT_287, SAT_288, SAT_289, SAT_290, SAT_291
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_328,
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_360, SAT_361, SAT_362, SAT_363, SAT_364, SAT_365, SAT_366, SAT_367, SAT_368, SAT_369, SAT_370, SAT_371, SAT_372, SAT_373, SAT_374, SAT_375, SAT_376, SAT_377
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_445, SAT_446, SAT_447, SAT_448
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_449, SAT_450, SAT_472
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_467, SAT_468, SAT_469, 
   1 SAT Scanning ID:  SAT_474, 
   1 SAT Scanning ID: SAT_17_01, SAT_17_02, SAT_17_03, SAT_17_04, SAT_17_05, SAT_17_06, SAT_17_07, SAT_17_08, SAT_17_09, SAT_17_010, SAT_17_011, SAT_17_012
   1 SAT Scanning ID: SAT_254, SAT_255, SAT_256, SAT_257, SAT_258, SAT_259, SAT_260, SAT_261, SAT_262, SAT_263, SAT_264, SAT_265, SAT_266, SAT_267, SAT_268
   1 SAT Scanning ID: SAT_28_01, SAT_28_02, SAT_28_03, SAT_28_04, SAT_28_05, SAT_28_06, SAT_28_07, SAT_28_08, SAT_28_09, SAT_28_010, SAT_28_011, SAT_28_012
   1 SAT Scanning ID: SAT_31_02, SAT_31_03, SAT_31_04, SAT_31_05, SAT_31_06, SAT_31_07, SAT_31_08, SAT_31_09, SAT_31_10, SAT_31_11, SAT_31_12, SAT_31_13
   1 SAT Scanning ID: SAT_32_01, SAT_32_02, SAT_32_03, SAT_32_04, SAT_32_05, SAT_32_06, SAT_32_07
   1 SAT Scanning ID: SAT_378, SAT_379, SAT_380, SAT_381, SAT_382, SAT_383, SAT_384, SAT_385, SAT_386
   1 SAT Scanning ID: SAT_399, SAT_400, SAT_401, SAT_402, SAT_403, SAT_404, SAT_405, SAT_406, SAT_407, SAT_408, SAT_409, SAT_410, SAT_411
   1 SAT Scanning ID: SAT_427, SAT_428, SAT_429, SAT_430, SAT_431, SAT_432, SAT_433, SAT_434, SAT_435 plus SAT_428.5 and SAT_432.5
   1 SAT Scanning ID: SAT_42_01, SAT_42_02, SAT_42_03, SAT_42_04, SAT_42_05, SAT_42_06, SAT_42_07, SAT_42_08, SAT_42_09, SAT_42_10, SAT_42_11, SAT_42_12, SAT_42_13, SAT_42_14, SAT_42_15, SAT_42_16, SAT_42_17
   1 SAT_002,
   1 SAT_003,
   1 SAT_004,
   1 SAT_005,
   1 SAT_006,
   1 SAT_007,
   1 SAT_008,
   1 SAT_009,
   1 SAT_010,
   1 SAT_010.5
   1 SAT_017, SAT_018, SAT_019, SAT_020,SAT_021, SAT_022, SAT_023, SAT_024,
   1 SAT_025, SAT_026, SAT_027, SAT_028, SAT_029, SAT_030, SAT_031, SAT_032
   1 SAT_078, SAT_079,
   1 SAT_080, SAT_081,
   1 SAT_082, SAT_083,
   1 SAT_084
   1 SAT_121, SAT_122, SAT_123,
   1 SAT_124, SAT_125, SAT_126,
   1 SAT_127, SAT_127.1, SAT_127.2, SAT_127.3, SAT_127.4, SAT_127.5,SAT_127.6
   1 SAT_247, SAT_248, SAT_249, 
   1 SAT_250, SAT_251, SAT_252, 
   1 SAT_253
   1 SAT_270,
   1 SAT_271,
   1 SAT_272,
   1 SAT_273,
   1 SAT_274,
   1 SAT_275,
   1 SAT_276,
   1 SAT_277,
   1 SAT_278,
   1 SAT_279,
   1 SAT_280
   1 SAT_329,
   1 SAT_330,
   1 SAT_331,
   1 SAT_332,
   1 SAT_333,
   1 SAT_334,
   1 SAT_335,
   1 SAT_336,
   1 SAT_337,
   1 SAT_338,
   1 SAT_339,
   1 SAT_340
   1 SAT_470, SAT_471, SAT_471.5
   1 SAT_475, 
   1 SAT_476, 
   1 SAT_477, 
   1 SAT_478,
   1 SAT_479
   1 SCIENCE, 327 (5964),445-448, JAN 22 2010
   1 Scaffolds Fruit Journal, V.2, 3/23/1992
   1 Scale ca. 1:14,400. 	1 map ; 50 x 54 cm.
   1 Scheu, Robert. Wanderungen durch Bo?hmen am Vorabend der Revolution [Travels through Bohemia on the Eve of the Revolution]. Wien und Leipzig: Strache, 1919, pp. 1-33. Translated by Jeremy King, 2001.
   1 Schwager, Magdalena: 2006, Conditionalized Imperatives, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Schwarz M, Bonhotal J, Bischoff K, Ebel J. Fate of Barbiturates and Non-steriodal Anti-inflammatory Drugs During Carcass Composting. Trends in Animal & Veterinary Sciences Journal. 2013. 4(1):1-12.
   1 Schwarz M, Bonhotal J, Rozeboom D. 2010. The Space It Takes - Footprint Calculator for Composting Butcher Waste. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 9p.
   1 Schwarz M, Bonhotal J, Staehr AE. Use of Dried Manure Solids as Bedding For Dairy Cows. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2010. 9p.
   1 Schwarz M, Bonhotal J. Composting at Home - The Green and Brown Alternative. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2011. 12 p.
   1 Schwarz, Florian: 2006, On needing Propositions and looking for Properties, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Science 2 September 2011: Vol. 333 no. 6047 pp. 1276-1279 DOI: 10.1126/science.1207032
   1 Scopes: From Stethoscopes to Microscopes to the Scope of the College, Fall 2013; 2013 Annual Report
   1 Scrapbook of newspaper clippings, mounted on the pages of an account book, concerning the Marquis de Lafayette’s triumphal tour of America in 1824-1825, evidently from a newspaper in the Philadelphia area. The clippings are followed by manuscript accounting records from 1826. Laid in at the front of the volume is a manuscript ode (copied from a newspaper), dated October 6, 1824.
   1 Scrapbooks include correspondence, clippings, photographs of groups of Chinese students, and some formal writing of the foreign students. Includes material for Lan-Ko Chang, C. L. Chien, Paul C. Fugh, S. C. Hsueh, P. C. King, H. S. Lee, K. S. Lee, Hu Shih, Chien Yang, Y. C. Yang, Louis Yen, and H. C Zen (Chinese students); S. N. Bose, Bapi Needu, H. H. Pandya, and S. J. Theodore (Hindustani and Indian students); Richard Beck (Icelandic student); and Manuel A. Gonzalez (Filipino student). Scrapbooks also include material concerning the Cosmopolitan Club and the Chinese Students’ Club of Cornell University.
   1 Scrapbooks, photographs, and volumes of bird observation notes. Also, 18 notebooks of Verdi Burtch’s and Clarence Stone’s bird observations
   1 Searcher, Vol. 20 No. 7 (September 2012): 22-28
   1 See online catalog for individual titles, too many to list here:
   1 Seed giants vs. U.S. farmers : a report by the Center for Food Safety & Save Our Seeds. Washington, DC : Center for Food Safety, 2013.
   1 Seismological Research Letters, vol. 71, no. 1, p. 47-52, 2000
   1 Sen, Neil. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17519. May 2010.
   1 Sent to Bronwyn Mohlke for scanning 9/19/2011, verified by Bronwyn 1/9/2012,  back to jmb 4/18/2012,, sent back to lab 6/14/2012, returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills, 9/20/12.
   1 Sent to Bronwyn Mohlke for scanning 9/19/2011, verified by Bronwyn 1/9/2012, on resew shelf 5/21/2012, sent back to lab 6/14/2012, ret'd to LAW LIBRARY & signed for by Jane Gillespie, 9/14/2012
   1 Sent to lab on 2/5/2013, no initials noted on treatment form.
   1 Sent to scanning 1/17/2013, returned from scanning and processed back to lab while jmb on vacation, no dates recorded by staff, 5/23/2013, returned to Law 5/30/2013, signed for by Nicole Mormilo, Law Library
   1 Sent to scanning 4/20/012, returned from scanning 6/11/2012. Returned to Law Library and signed for by Janet Gillespie on 9/14/12.
   1 Sent to scanning 4/20/2012, ret'd from scanning 5/21/2012;  returned to Law Library and signed for by Thomas Mills on 6/28/12.
   1 Sent to scanning on 3/12/2013
   1 Sent: Wednesday, April 17, 2013 2:33 PM
   1 Seton-Watson, R.W. The Southern Slav Question and  the Habsburg Monarchy. London: Constable and Co., 1911.
   1 Seton-Watson, R.W. The Southern Slav Question and the Habsburg Monarchy. London: Constable and Co., 1911. The pagination and all punctuation has been retained from the original.
   2 Seton-Watson, R.W. The Southern Slav Question and the Habsburg Monarchy. London: Constable and Co., 1911. The pagination and punctuation of the original has been retained.
   1 Shayler H, McBride M, Harrison E. Guilde to Soil Testing and Interpreting Results. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2009. 6 p.
   1 Shayler H, McBride M, Harrison E. Soil Contaminants and Best Practices for Healthy Gardens. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2009. 4 p.
   1 Shayler H, McBride M, Harrison E. Sources and Impacts of Contaminants in Soils. Cornell Waste Management Institute. 2009. 6 p.
   1 Sir Edwin Pears, Forty Years in Constantinople, 1873-1915, (New York: D. Appleton and Co., 1916), pp. 16-19, reprinted in Alfred J. Bannan and Achilles Edelenyi, eds., Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp. 191-194.
   1 Sir Lewis Bernstein Namier (1888-1960), The Case of Bohemia (London?, The Czech  National Alliance in Great Britain, 1917), pp.1-10.
   1 Sisodia, Apurva. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17501. May 2010.
   1 Smith, Joanna. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available  	http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17502. May 2010.
   1 Social Forces 88(2):543-72
   1 Social Networks 28, no. 3 (July 2006): 187-208
   1 Social Policy 12:3 (Winter 1982), 15-23
   1 Social Policy, Vol. 12, No. 3 (Winter 1982), pp. 7-14.
   1 Social Science Research
   1 Social Science Research 41 (January 2012): 130-145
   1 Social Security Bulletin, 69 (4) (2009): 51-64
   1 Social Service Review (September 2009)
   1 Society of Labor Economics Eleventh Annual Meetings.  May 5-6, 2006.  Cambridge, MA
   1 Soft Matter, 2009, 5 (18), 3481-3486
   1 Soft Matter, 2009,5, 134-139
   1 Soft Matter, 2009, 5, 134-139
   1 Soft Matters, 5, 2009, 4256-4265
   1 Sometimes published as: The Cornelian.  --  :  a 1871-83, ed. by the Zeta Psi Fraternity of Cornell University; 1882/83-1913/14 (Class of 1915) edited by the Junior Class, sometimes using the year of the junior class on cover and/or t.-p. instead of Senior class year. Some early years pub. by Kappa Alpha, Alpha Delta Phi and Psi Upsilon fraternities.
   1 Sontag, T.J. and Parker, R.S. (2002) J Biol Chem 277, pp. 25290-25296
   1 Soter, S. 1971. The Dust Belts of Mars. CRSR Rept. No. 462, Cornell Univ.
   1 Special issue of Action Research Journal on ethics in AR. Mary Brydon-Miller, Davydd Greenwood, Olav Eikeland, eds. (2006: 4, 1; 97- 116).
   1 Spine title PENTATEUCH, LEVITICUS
   1 SpiritsTab 2012 trends in adult beverage report / Adult Beverage Resource Group. Chicago, IL : Technomic Inc., 2012.
   1 Stanford Social Innovation Review 11, no. 2 (Spring 2013): 52-57
   1 Stanford Social Innovation Review 12, no. 1 (Winter 2014): 28-33
   1 Stefan Evert, Egon Stemle and Paul Rayson (editors). Proceedings of the 8th Web as Corpus Workshop.  July, 2013.
   1 Steinacker, Wolfgang. Der Begriff der Volkszugehoerigkeit und die Praxis der Volkszugehoerigkeitsbestimmung im altoesterreichischen Nationalitaetenrecht [The Concept of National Belonging and The Practice of Determining National Belonging in Old Austrian Nationalities Law]. Innsbruck: Universitaets-Verlag Wagner, 1932. Translated by Jeremy King, 2004. Explanatory remarks and original German phrasing provided in brackets [].
   1 Stourzh, Gerald. Die Gleichberechtigung der Nationalitaeten in der Verfassung und Verwaltung Oesterreichs, 1848-1918. [The Equal Rights of Nationalities in the Constitution and Administration of Austria, 1848-1918.] Vienna: Oesterreichische Akademie der Wissenschaften, 1985. Appendix 8, pp. 311-316. Translated by Jeremy King, 2004. Explanatory remarks and original German phrasing provided in brackets [].
   1 Strategic Management Journal 34, no. 4 (April 2013): 483-497
   1 Strom, David. Good food and drink and connected technology, 2014-2019 : a case study for the future of retailing / David Strom, Ira Brodsky. St. Louis, MO : Datacomm Research Company, c2014.
   1 Student Handbook 1996
   1 Student Handbook 1999-2000
   1 Student Handbook 2000-2001
   1 Student Handbook Class of 2011
   1 Student Handbook Class of 2012
   1 Student Handbook Class of 2013
   1 Student Handbook Class of 2014
   1 Student Handbook Class of 2015
   1 Student Handbook Class of 2016
   1 Student scrapbook of clippings, photographs, Cornell ephemera, and other items relating to Bailey’s time as an undergraduate and as an alumni. Also, two Wedgwood Cornell plates depicting Willard Straight and Sibley Hall, a wooden box, and a photograph of Bailey and some of his classmates.; Includes two Cornell plaques, one ca.1907, depicting Ezra Cornell; a red cap bearing a "C" with the initials "UFBT"; an original Uris Library Reading Room chair; a rubber mold for the Cornell Seal; and a bronze medallion bearing a likeness of Ezra Cornell. A set of twelve rose-colored Wedgwood plates depicting Cornell University buildings; scenes depicted are McGraw Tower (Library Tower), Willard Straight Hall, the War Memorial, Baker Laboratory of Chemistry, Sage Chapel, McGraw Hall, the Schoellkopf Crescent, Ezra Cornell Statue, Balch Hall, Myron Taylor Hall, Goldwin Smith Hall and Sibley Dome. A Class of 1958 cloth badge; a Class of 1921 scarf; five caps, two from the Class of 1929, one from the Class of 1921, one from the Class of 1923, one undated; straw hat from the Class of 1934; nine reunion jackets, three from the Class of 1929, two from the Class of 1921, and one each from the Classes of 1916, 1923, 1925 (red, white and blue), and 1927; one polo shirt from 1923; a Cornell spoon; four Cornell service pins, ca. 1955-1970; two mugs from 1912; a 14" Cornell pencil; a 3"x4" "Cornell Library Club" printing plate; a cigarette case belonging to Ralph Gordon; a trowel wielded by President Edmund Ezra Day June 22 1946 on the Day Hall cornerstone. 	Cornell plaque with wood shield and brass mounted seal, ca. 1927, belonging to Clarence Ames Dayton; 3 posters for Farmers Week, 1910; mail slot and restroom sign from Roberts Hall; graffiti sample from Roberts Hall; and a Cornell banner from a member of the Class of 1925. 	Also, library seal, n.d.; brass plaque that marked the site of early faculty residences; a set of portraits of Cornell University presidents from Andrew Dickson White to Dale Corson; a printing block for a map of Cornell University during World War II, "drawn by Ralph G. Warner with acknowledgments to Ellen Edmonsen’s map made in 1928"; a Cornell banner; a wood water pipe, c. 1875, 6’x6", removed from East Avenue, near Sage College; illuminated poem "The Hill" by Albert W. Smith; a "C" megaphone; 3" pewter owl with Cornell crest; two baseball bats, on one is recorded "Cornell 8 Harvard 5 Ithaca, May 7, 1898" (Kelton White, ’01); cane of Thomas A. Hamilton, ’69; King of Hearts Cornell postcard; Cornell souvenir plate made by Rowland and Marcellus Company; carte de visite holder, Junior Promenade, 1902; c. 1930s chart: Rate of Forgetting; 1918 watch fob; gold pin with Cornell emblem; Cornell bottle cap remover; red felt pillow with white lettering and leather Cornell shield; a Cornell University lock, 1890; a Cornell cadet helmet, 1890. Two pots crafted by Elijah Cornell, an 1891 Senior Ball medal, invitation, and bow tie, Class of 1923 cow, Book and Bowl key owned by Lord Keith Murray; Cornell Campus Store bag, straw hat, pillow, and bird cigar snuffer. 	Collection includes an historical set of three photographs recollecting the baseball accomplishment of Franklin W. Olin, and describes his home run of circa 175 yards from near Morrill Hall to near Sage Chapel; Cornell University floor runner; a pennant; a Cornell corncob pipe; a miscellany of Cornell buttons. Slides of Sage College; University of Philippines honorary plate for Dr. Emil Q. Javier. Also, Class of 1921 tie and shirt, Class of 1930 button, decals, coasters, pennants, a wooden wall plaque, a Reis Tennis Center flyer, and a t-shirt (C.U. in Philadelphia); large Cornell Seal press; three College of Architecture medals; a Balch Hall dining room plate; Sage Hall dining room plate; Class of 1932 reunion vest; Class of 1921 scarf and tie. Includes a Cornell stein, and a framed drawing of a Cornell "C" perched between the gorges, by David Seccombe. 	Also, items relating to Franklin W. Olin, University benefactor, include his appointment as a Corporal in the Cornell Corps of Cadets (May 5, 1882) signed by Andrew Dickson White; a framed display of various ribbons won by Olin for athletic accomplishment and Field Day feats and victories. Two brass plaques, for Clara Dickson White and Horace White, parents of Andrew Dickson White. 	Also, glassware with Cornell insignia: 6 brandy snifters, 12 large water glasses, 19 smaller water glasses, 9 high ball glasses, 1 Cornell mug, 1934; Wedgewood China with Cornell insignia-4 green tea cups, 5 green saucers, 6 blue tea cups and saucers, 5 red tea cups and saucers. 	Also, plaque of Ezra Cornell presented by the Chinese Cornell Alumni of North China in commemoration of Cornell’s semi-centennial in June 1919 and a medallion of McGraw Tower. 	Kroch Library construction t-shirt, 1992. 	Demitasse spoons from Hotel Ezra Cornell and two with the Clock Tower on them. 	Piece of Willard Straight Hall stump mounted in wooden box. 	"Hats Off to Hunter!" hat, signed by President Hunter R. Rawlings, April 28, 2003. 	"Flapper" dress worn by Mrs. Lyman P. Wilson to the inaugural dinner for President Livingston Farrand, held in Risley Hall dining room and attended by the Cornell faculty, 1921 (see #18-2-2018). Also, top hat from Brooks Brothers in hat box. 	A man’s stick pin with an enameled pennant at the top. The pennant is waving in the breeze and has carnellian color on the top half and white on the bottom half and the word CORNELL overprinted on the center. 	Junior Smoker committee poster, 1906 (framed). 	Also one mug "College of Agriculture and Life Sciences/We grow the ivy." 	Two silver bracelets: one 1.5" cuff with Cornell seal, one .5" with seal and images of winter sports (hockey, skiing, snowshoes, toboggan) belonging to Professor Loren C. Petry. 	Also, one lantern slide projector. 	Cornell mugs presented to Commencement volunteers, 1993, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2002, 2003. 	Framed first day covers of Liberty Hyde Bailey and Justin Smith Morrill presented to Frank Rhodes. (see #47-7-3995) 	1909 ceramic Cornell mug and miniature silver-plate Cornell mug owned by William Leo O’Hara (Class of 1909). Also 1901 ceramic Cornell mug. 	Cornell red leather sewing kit. 	Framed poem, "The Hill," by Albert W. Smith. 	Pennsylvania Railroad brakeman’s flag, retrieved by Cornellian John Kent ’48 after the Cornell Football victory of Penn in November 1948. Has score carved on it and comes with Kent’s account of the event and some notes on Cornell football teams of that era. 	Souvenir plate of Libe Tower, American Decorators, Inc., n.d. 	Cornell Laundry bag issued to freshmen in 1952.
   1 Subject: question
   1 Sufi 30 (1996), 45-49
   1 Summary: 	251 letters and other documents recording the achievements of notable artists, politicians, scientists, architects, businessmen and women, journalists, musicians, and educators. 	Additional letters (ca. 107).  Returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson on 8/1/12.
   1 Summary: 	A history of street gangs from colonial times to the present discussing why they have persisted, who joins them, what needs they satisfy, and what they have in common with establishment groups.
   1 Summary: 	Broadsides publicizing events, films, and exhibits, and flyers, brochures, buttons, bumper stickers, card decks, safe sex packets, single issues of newsletters, currency marked "lesbian money" and "gay money," and other materials relating to sexual politics and the culture of groups defined by sexuality. Primarily includes materials handed out at marches, rallies, parades, lectures, conferences, picnics, women’s bookstores, and entertainment shows by, for, or about lesbians, gay men, and bisexuals, from the 1980s on. Homophobia and responses to acts of homophobia are also documented, as are sex scandals. Also includes an erotic deck of cards with photographs of nude women and men engaged mostly in heterosexual and group sex scenes, ca. 1960s. 	Events documented include the October 11, 1987 March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay Rights (an original silk screened poster rescued from a trash can by Susan von Salis); et al.
   1 Summary: 	Collection consists of incoming correspondence, manuscripts of lectures, speeches and articles; manuscripts of presidential reports; manuscripts of books; copies of publications; financial records; clippings; photographs, engravings, diplomas and memorabilia; family documents and diaries. Also, some of White’s outgoing correspondence including his letters to Charles Kendall Adams, Cornell University’s second president, and William Channing Russel, Andrew D. White’s vice president; correspondence and dispatches from White during his service as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Germany, and later as Ambassador to Russia; diplomatic instructions from the U.S. Department of State; correspondence from George Frederick William Holls on various topics of state, national and international politics, and correspondence pertaining to the American Academy of Arts and Letters. Also, correspondence relating to family affairs and finances, White’s college days at Hobart College and Yale University, his professorship at the University of Michigan, his service in the New York State legislature, the founding and administration of Cornell University, educational ideas, civil service reform, the policies and activities of the Republican Party, the proposed annexation of Santo Domingo, and the study and writing of history and the study of art and architecture.
   1 Summary: 	Collection consists of incoming correspondence, manuscripts of lectures, speeches and articles; manuscripts of presidential reports; manuscripts of books; copies of publications; financial records; clippings; photographs, engravings, diplomas and memorabilia; family documents and diaries. Also, some of White’s outgoing correspondence including his letters to Charles Kendall Adams, Cornell University’s second president, and William Channing Russel, Andrew D. White’s vice president; correspondence and dispatches from White during his service as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Germany, and later as Ambassador to Russia; diplomatic instructions from the U.S. Department of State; correspondence from George Frederick William Holls on various topics of state, national and international politics, and correspondence pertaining to the American Academy of Arts and Letters. Also, correspondence relating to family affairs and finances, White’s college days at Hobart College and Yale University, his professorship at the University of Michigan, his service in the New York State legislature, the founding and administration of Cornell University, educational ideas, civil service reform, the policies and activities of the Republican Party, the proposed annexation of Santo Domingo, and the study and writing of history and the study of art and architecture.  --  Handwritten Manuscript    -- For Egypt Exhibit, April 2013
   1 Summary: 	Collection consists of personal and professional correspondence, letterbooks, addresses, biographical data, diaries, scrapbooks, school notes and textbooks, syllabi, lectures and outlines, typescript papers and articles, printed material, policy directives, card files, sample contracts, projects files and reports, slides, photographs, negatives, plans, blueprints, drawings, charts, and map.
   1 Summary: 	Collection consists of personal and professional correspondence, letterbooks, addresses, biographical data, diaries, scrapbooks, school notes and textbooks, syllabi, lectures and outlines, typescript papers and articles, printed material, policy directives, card files, sample contracts, projects files and reports, slides, photographs, negatives, plans, blueprints, drawings, charts, and maps relating to Nolen’s work in city planning, preservation, survey projects, zoning, and extension programs. Includes records pertaining to Nolen’s studies at the University of Pennsylvania and Harvard; his work at the American Society for the Extension of University Teaching; consulting jobs
   1 Summary: 	Collection includes 44 original, hand-collaged past-up boards from which the IGTimes page layouts were reproduced; hundreds of original manuscript, typescript, and desktop printing documents comprising the text files from which its editorial content was drawn; more than 4000 original photographs of aerosol street art submitted to the magazine by a community of international aerosol writers and readers; ca. 5000 original reader submissions; ca. 500 original magazines and fanzines; 150 clippings from newspapers and magazines; the archive of the Aerosol Art Armada, which includes ca. 1,000 35 mm. slide transparencies; a selection of flyers for parties and openings in New York City; 5 file folders with information from scholarly researchers who contacted the IGTimes for information on street art.   - Returned to RMC, 3/27/2103, signed for by Anne Carson
   1 Summary: 	Collection includes film production records, flyers, posters, original art, videos, audio, oral histories, photographs, slides, and vinyl recordings documenting early hip hop culture and the film "Wild Style." Notes: 	In English. Restrictions: 	By appointment only.
   1 Summary: 	Contains nearly 1,000 recordings (primarly LP records), the photographic archive of Bronx photographer Joe Conzo, Jr., textile art, books and magazines, and more than 500 original party and club flyers designed by Buddy Esquire and others. The collection documents the origins of hip-hop as music, culture and community in the Bronx, NY, and its influence on the history of music, art, performance, and activism in America during the final third of the 20th century and beyond. 	Also, t-shirts, tote bag, and other memorabilia documenting the 2008 Hip Hop Conference and Celebration at Cornell.
   2 Summary: 	Correspondence, scrapbooks, and account books pertaining chiefly to Fiske’s activities as a book collector, although there are extensive family correspondence and other letters pertaining to his education, his career as a journalist, his activities as a professor and librarian at Cornell University, his interest in chess, and his cultural studies of Iceland and Egypt; included is correspondence of George Lincoln Burr, Wendell Phillips Garrison, George W. Harris, Samuel May, Charles Warner, and others.  Related exhibition Web site :    http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/collector/   -- For Egypt Exhibit, April 2013
   1 Summary: 	Correspondence, scrapbooks, and account books pertaining chiefly to Fiske’s activities as a book collector, although there are extensive family correspondence...  Related exhibition Web site  :   http://rmc.library.cornell.edu/collector/
   1 Summary: 	Eighteenth-century manuscript copy of An essay on patience, dedicated to the brothers Sigurður Björnsson, chief justice of the south and east, and the Rev. Hannes Björnsson from Saurbær on Hvalfjarðarströnd, dated 12 February 1687.
   1 Summary: 	Group photographs of the Student Army Training Corps and the Senior Class in Mechanical and Electrical Engineering at Cornell University, 1922.
   1 Summary: 	Included are manuscripts of 16 essays (ca.1886) written by Mr. White while an undergraduate at Cornell; extracts from lectures on paleontologyand geology given by Professor Henry Shaler Williams, 1886-87; Junior Prize for Oratory medal, 1887; two candlesticks inscribed "Second Prize, Land and Water Contest"; record book pertaining to the Salina and Central Square Plank Road Company of Syracuse, a railroad company of which White was a stockholder and officer, including minutes of Board of Directors’ meetings, accounts, an undated list of stockholders, and correspondence, 1905-14; letter to White from Theodore Roosevelt, 1914; two autograph books; clippings, broadsides, four phonograph albums, and programs (ca. 1934-ca. 1954) concerning the musical career of Mrs. White (Claire Alcée); two framed portraits of the Whites by Frank Salisbury; family photographs; a library inventory; five scrapbooks; and a Russian tea set sent as a gift from Andrew Dickson White while he served as U.S. Ambassador to Russia. Two photos of Harry Irving Howard ’20, Claire’s brother, in box four, one with Quill and Dagger pin. Also, one phonograph recording: Mme. Claire Alcée recital and interview, Willard Sektberg, accompanist: 1. Wohin - Schubert, 2. Die wasser Lillie-Grieg, 3. Dos cantares popolares-obradors, 4. "Le nozze di Figaro," Mozart.
   1 Summary: 	Includes correspondence, often illustrated and including anecdotes and descriptions of expeditions, with ornithologists, fellow artists, and naturalists, especially on the subject of bird coloration and "concealing coloration"; personal correspondence on the Savage Club of Ithaca; and letters to his daughter, Mary Fuertes Boynton, from Fuertes’ friends and colleagues about Fuertes and his work. Student notes, notebooks, journals and sketchbooks; diaries; journals from expeditions, many including sketches; notes; articles by and about Fuertes; photographs of Fuertes; photographs taken by him on expeditions to South America, Mexico and the Caribbean; photographic negatives of Fuertes’ sketches; color proofs of reproductions of Fuertes’ paintings; and several sketchbooks. Artwork includes over 1,000 pieces, most of which are pencil, ink, or preliminary watercolor sketches of birds, groups of birds, and anatomical details; over 100 are finished watercolors and chalk drawings. Includes Fuertes’ pocket knife. Major correspondents include Richard E. Bishop, Mary Fuertes Boynton, Courtenay Brandreth, Frank M. Chapman, Elliot Coues, E.H. Forbush, Witmer Stone, George Miksch Sutton, Abbott Thayer and Hendrik Willem van Loon. Also one copper printing plate of L.A.F. holding a bird.
   1 Summary: 	Includes diaries, 1866-1920; notes and charts pertaining to family genealogy; a copy of Professor Wilder’s will; clippings concerning vivisection; correspondence, photographs, and printed material pertaining to spiders, phrenology, hygiene and education, writing music, Nantucket Island, the Field family, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr., temperance, natural history, his career as a medical cadet and military surgeon during the Civil War, activities of members of the 54th and 55th Massachusetts Infantry and the 5th Massachusetts Cavalry both during and after the war, Negro troops, Wilder’s training under Louis Agassiz, Asa Gray, and Jeffries Wyman, and his career as a professor at Cornell University, 1867-1910, the WILDER QUARTER CENTURY BOOK, the Wilder Brain Collection, and the Department of Zoology at Cornell; and notebooks, pictures, and other materials relating to Louis Agassiz. Correspondents include J.F.A. Adams, Elizabeth Agassiz, Harrison Allen, Arthur Bean, Robert Bean, George L. Burr, Andrew Carnegie, John Codman, Anna B. Comstock, John H. Comstock, Eugene Corson, Hiram Corson, George W. Curtis, Margaret Deland, Alice Drew, Charles W. Eliot, Simon Henry Gage, C.L. Herrick, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Henry Holt, William Dean Howells, G.M. Humphey, T.H. Huxley, David Starr Jordan, John Harvey Kellogg, D.S. Lamb, Charles Minot, Hugh D. Reed, Jacob G. Schurman, Louis Livingston Seaman, Goldwin Smith, Edward A. Spitzka, Henry Van Dyke, and Jeffries Wyman. Also a recommendation letter from Alexander Graham Bell. 	Also includes pamphlets compiled by Wilder: "Health Notes for Students" and "Hygiene and Morality" for distribution to students at Cornell; and "Last Night" sheet music by Wilder.
   1 Summary: 	Includes drawings and blueprints for Cornell buildings, including Sage infirmary medical building and the Cascadilla School in Ithaca, New York; unidentified drawings; details of two fireplaces in the Ithaca Conservatory of Music (now Ithaca College); two small hand carved wooden panels presented by Miller to the College of Architecture at the time of its semi-centennial (1921); a scrapbook of clippings and plates from architectural magazines; a book of architectural postcards, including some depicting Miller’s buildings; account books with Gauntlett and Brooks, pertaining to the Fiske House of Jennie McGraw Fiske; two letters from Andrew Dickson White to Miller, 1870, 1896; and correspondence relating to the construction of the kitchen in Prudence Risley Hall, including letters to E.L. Williams (Cornell University Treasurer) from Miller, Thomas Tree (Manager of Sage College), and Flora Rose, 1913. 	Also, plans and specifications for addition to President White’s house, 1895, with comments by Andrew Dickson White (12 items). 	A letter possibly to William Henry Miller from his mother, 1879.
   1 Summary: 	Includes papers written when he was a student at Cornell University; estate records with material relating to the F. P. Collins Company, Dey Brothers, Milmac, Inc., and the Mowat Company; military records of his activities in the Spanish-American War, the New York National Guard, and World War I; and correspondence, notes, and other items concerning his association with the American Foundation, the American Legion, the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment, Cornell University Trustees, the Cornell Law Association, the Guards of Liberty, and the Young Workers League of America; also, family papers referring largely to the sale of the Tuck farm in Ogdensburg, New York, and three letters (1917-1918) from his brother Charles H. Tuck which describe the Russian Revolution of 1917 and Far Eastern affairs from his vantage point as an import agent in Harbin, Manchuria. Includes 19 maps of trenches and towns in France and Belgium during World War 1.
   1 Summary: 	Includes personal correspondence of Anna Botsford and Henry John (later John Henry) Comstock, 1859-1923; professional correspondence (1878-1926) documenting John Henry Comstock’s influence in the development of entomology departments in colleges throughout the United States; publications by or about the Comstocks; lecture and field notes; certificates and awards; typescript draft of an autobiography by Anna Comstock, published posthumously as THE COMSTOCKS OF CORNELL: JOHN HENRY AND ANNA BOTSFORD COMSTOCK edited by Glenn W. Herrick and Ruby Green Smith, 1953; Botsford and Comstock family photographs; Anna Botsford diaries (1870-71, 1874-75) and poem; a scrapbook relating to the Botsford family, Phebe Irish Botsford, and Anna Botsford Comstock; materials concerning wood engraving; photographs and sketches (pen and ink and pencil) of insects by Anna Comstock used in Comstock Press publications; glass lantern slides used in Anna Comstock’s nature study classes; wood block; engraving tools; and wood engravings of plants, insects, and nature scenes by Anna Botsford Comstock. 	NATURE SONGS AND STORIES, by Katherine Creighton, illustrated by Anna Comstock, Comstock Publishing Company, 1914, autographed by Creighton and Comstock. 	Woodcuts and drawings by others, presented to the Comstocks.
   1 Summary: 	Includes varsity and freshman crew rosters; Coach Charles Courtney’s diary and journals of distances rowed, weather conditions, and other information; regatta programs; scrapbooks; map; correspondence with Todd Jesdale; minutes of the Sprague Boat Club; photographs, photograph albums, and glass negatives of crew events, Ithaca, New York views, and the Cayuga Lake Inlet; and a phonograph record and cassette copy concerning a 1946 regatta at Lake Washington. Material pertaining to John L. Collyer and Donald E. Maclay. Also, videocassettes and a film of the 1957 Cornell crew victory at Henley. Also, the crew logs (1937-1970) and crew files (1937-1975) of coach R. Harrison "Stork" Sanford; and slides of crews and crew activities. Also, scrapbooks (1896-1898).
   1 Summary: 	Letter from Francis T. Hoover to Jane Ann Hedley, later his wife, describing the Gettysburg Battlefield, September 25, 1863. He describes the battlefield, soldiers’ graves and plans for the relocation of bodies, as well as damage to the town and the seminary at which he was a student.
   1 Summary: 	Manuscript fair copy of an address given by Morrill at Cornell University, on the occasion of the unveiling of a portrait of him. Morrill speaks on the importance of Cornell’s teaching of modern languages and the sciences in addition to traditional classical studies. He also describes the course of the Land Grant College Act from its introduction in the House of Representatives in 1858 to final passage in 1862. Title from cover.  1 v. (9 leaves)
   1 Summary: 	Manuscripts, correspondence, documents, broadsides, microfilms, objects, and graphics by, to or about Lafayette and his family, with family documents extending back to 1520 and through the death of Georges Washington Lafayette in 1849. Includes texts of Lafayette’s speeches, his commentary on public events, material compiled for inclusion in his memoirs, financial statements, letters he wrote to his wife from America during the Revolution, letters he wrote while imprisoned in Austria (1792-1797); many letters from foreign correspondents on the progress of liberal causes in their countries, including letters from leaders of the Italian revolutionary movement; notes concerning the Belgian revolution, letters and documents on his involvement in the Italian and Polish revolutions, and documents concerning the management of family business affairs, including the management of the family estates. Also included are objects from the Lafayette estate, including two clocks and a life mask of the Marquis de Lafayette by Pierre Houdon (on loan from the Johnson Art Museum). 	Correspondents include: Marie Adrienne Françoise de Noailles Lafayette (Lafayette’s wife), Georges Washington Lafayette (Lafayette’s son), Philippe Beauchet, the Princesse d’Hénin, Thomas Pinckney, Pierre Samuel Du Pont de Nemours, Madame de Staël, Mary Shelley, Jeremy Bentham, Robert Owen, Thomas Jefferson, John Marshall, James Madison, John Adams, James Monroe, Andrew Jackson, John C. Calhoun, Daniel Webster, Henry Clay, Jared Sparks, Emma Willard, and Frances Wright. 	Also, videotapes and DVDs of films in which Lafayette appears as a character: "Lafayette," "Reign of Terror," "America," "Jefferson in Paris," "The Black Book," "Marie Antoinette," and "The Howards of Virginia." These are cataloged individually. Restrictions: 	Boxes 63, 72, 187, and 189 are available by appointment only, to be viewed one folder at a time.
   1 Summary: 	Movie posters advertising films involving witches: "I married a witch" (two posters, 1942), "Burn witch, burn" (1962), "Meine Frau die Hexe" (German version of "I married a witch," undated), "Night of dark shadows" (1971), "The devil’s bride" (1968?), "Season of the witch" (2010), and "Maid of Salem," starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray (1937). Also, two political T-shirts from 2010, one concerning the Delaware Tea Party (showing a witch stirring a cauldron-sized cup of tea) and one depicting Senate candidate Christine O’Donnell as a witch.
   1 Summary: 	Movie posters advertising films involving witches: "I married a witch" (two posters, 1942), "Burn witch, burn" (1962), "Meine Frau die Hexe" (German version of "I married a witch," undated), "Night of dark shadows" (1971), "The devil’s bride" (1968?), "Season of the witch" (2010), and "Maid of Salem," starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray (1937). Also, two political T-shirts from 2010, one concerning the Delaware Tea Party (showing a witch stirring a cauldron-sized cup of tea) and one depicting Senate candidate Christine O’Donnell as a witch.  Notes: 	Mainly in English; one poster in German.
   1 Summary: 	Movie posters advertising films involving witches: "I married a witch" (two posters, 1942), "Burn witch, burn" (1962), "Meine Frau die Hexe" (German version of "I married a witch," undated), "Night of dark shadows" (1971), "The devil’s bride" (1968?), "Season of the witch" (2010), and "Maid of Salem," starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray (1937). Also, two political T-shirts from 2010, one concerning the Delaware Tea Party (showing a witch stirring a cauldron-sized cup of tea) and one depicting Senate candidate Christine O’Donnell as a witch. Notes: 	Mainly in English; one poster in German.
   6 Summary: 	Papers consist largely of professional correspondence, his notes as a student, course and departmental files, field notes and bird observation charts, manuscripts of his articles and books, unpublished papers and reprints by other ornithologists, tape recordings, phonograph records and recordmasters, slides, glass plate negatives, half-tone printing blocks, lantern slides, photographs and films; topics documented include bird-banding, bird identification, slide and record sales, advice to prospective and former graduate students, lecture engagements and tours, professional meetings of organizations such as the American Ornithologists’ Union and the American Game Association (American Game Protective and Propogation Association), his expeditions to Panama, Hudson Bay, Labrador, Mexico and Alaska, wildlife conservation and game management, his friendship with Louis Agassiz Fuertes, his fifteen-year study of the raising of the ruffed grouse in captivity, his study of the ivory-billed woodpecker, and the acquisition, design, building, and operation of the Laboratory of Ornithology, Cornell University. Also included are personal papers, primarily correspondence with Elsa Guerdrum, whom he married in 1913, as well as correspondence with other family members, and genealogical tables of the Allen family.
   2 Summary: 	Papers consist of correspondence, primarily with family members, but also with professional colleagues; diaries ("My First Journal," 1917); photographs of early ornithologists; pamphlets; student notes, lecture notes, and research notes on early ornithologists, including Mark Catesby; a bibliography of her Ph.D. thesis; travel literature; copies of grant applications (1960-1965); unpublished manuscripts, "The Story of Lalla," a novel with a Scandinavian background, "Minerva’s Daughter," for which she sought publication by the Women’s Press (1949), her biographical study of the colonial naturalist, John Abbot, including slides of his watercolors of birds, and other research and literary works; and a genealogy of John Abbot, with correspondence and photographs relating to the creation of an historic marker for him in Georgia. Family papers also include a genealogy of her Scandinavian ancestors and correspondence concerning an inheritance she received. The papers are in English, Norwegian, and Swedish.
   1 Summary: 	Personal, family, and professional papers relating to the life and work of Liberty Hyde Bailey and including correspondence, manuscripts, scrapbooks, journals, photographs, publications, genealogical and biographical information. Also records of the Bailey Hortorium. Correspondence and records of the Commission on Country Life. Also includes glass negatives of Bailiwick orchards and house construction; correspondence and agreements with Macmillan Company; photographs; Bailey’s correspondence with his brother Marcus and daughter Ethel; and deeds, abstracts and title searches for the Bailey house on Sage Place; war ration books; agreement of gift of the Bailey Hortorium. Includes Bailey correspondence with Macmillan Company. Also, tape recordings (12 cassettes) and transcripts of an interview with Bailey by George H. M. Lawrence, 1951-1952 and his typewriter. 	Includes a 1901 Junior Naturalist Club certificate signed by Bailey. 	CD (MS Power Point) with posters prepared at Michigan State University using Cornell photographs, celebrating the 150th anniversary of the birth of Liberty Hyde Bailey, 2008. The posters were exhibited at the 2008 annual meetings of the American Society for Horticultural Science (July) and at the Great Lakes Expo (Michigan Horticultural Society and Michigan Vegetable Growers (December).
   1 Summary: 	Personal, family, and professional papers relating to the life and work of Liberty Hyde Bailey and including correspondence, manuscripts, scrapbooks, journals, photographs, publications, genealogical and biographical information. Also records of the Bailey Hortorium. Correspondence and records of the Commission on Country Life. Also includes glass negatives of Bailiwick orchards and house construction; correspondence and agreements with Macmillan Company; photographs; Bailey’s correspondence with his brother Marcus and daughter Ethel; and deeds, abstracts and title searches for the Bailey house on Sage Place; war ration books; agreement of gift of the Bailey Hortorium. Includes Bailey correspondence with Macmillan Company. Also, tape recordings (12 cassettes) and transcripts of an interview with Bailey by George H. M. Lawrence, 1951-1952, audio reels with interview by Edith Fox and Jackson Towne, 11/06/1951 and his typewriter. 	Includes a 1901 Junior Naturalist Club certificate signed by Bailey. 	CD (MS Power Point) with posters prepared at Michigan State University using Cornell photographs, celebrating the 150th anniversary of the birth of Liberty Hyde Bailey, 2008. The posters were exhibited at the 2008 annual meetings of the American Society for Horticultural Science (July) and at the Great Lakes Expo (Michigan Horticultural Society and Michigan Vegetable Growers (December).
   1 Summary: 	Posters for Freshman Night, Round-Up Club, American Student Union, "Greeter Gambol," Debate Prize, Lackawanna Railroad spring recess, Kolisch Quartet, Cornell Dramatic Club, Winter Sport, Boxing, and Deutscher Verein Carnival Dance. -- 13 posters sent for treatment,2/7/2013  -- ret'd to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson, RMC. 2/27/2013
   1 Summary: 	Pulp novels written anonymously and under various pseudonyms of the legendary psycho-sexual author and film-maker, Ed Wood, Jr., collected by pulp scholar Robert Legault (1950 to 2008). In addition, magazines, reference materials, posters and other ephemera. 	Also, an original one sheet poster for the 1953 film, "Glen or Glenda?" directed by Ed Wood, Jr. in his feature film debut. Originally titled "I Changed My Sex," the film has maintained a solid cult following over the decades despite its poor reviews due to Wood’s decidedly distinctive style and z-budget production values. The aim of the film’s producer, George Weiss, was to capitalize on the story Christina Jorgensen, who in 1952 became the first man widely known to undergo sex reassignment surgery. The film’s first half guides the viewer down a crooked path that includes multiple narration techniques, BDSM (bondage/discipline/sadomasochist) pornography, and a buffalo stampede in order to convey a story about a man named Glen who wishes to become a transvestite, struggling to gain acceptance from his girlfriend. The second half, added largely at the demand of the distributor to include sex change in the content, is about a pseudohermaphrodite named Alan who fights his way through World War II in women’s underwear, finally returning from the conflict to have the surgery he/she has always desired.
   1 Summary: 	Records of the Cornell University Christian Association include minutes of the Board of Directors, business meetings, the Executive Committee, and other committees; constitution and bylaws; officers and members; financial records; scrapbooks; and office files of Richard Henry Edwards, Director. Records of Cornell United Religious Work include minutes of the Board of Control; office files of Richard H. Edwards, Director, 1930-1939, James A. G. Moore, Acting Director, 1937-1939, and William W. Mendenhall, 1939-1943; scrapbooks; and correspondence relating to the functions and activities of CURW, 1932-1933. Also, tape recordings of the National Association of College Chaplains Conference, 1965; portraits; memorabilia; and miscellaneous reports, books, clippings, pamphlets, photograph albums, and periodicals relating to CURW activities. 	Includes records of the East Harlem Project (1965-68), POWER Project files (1968), and the Cornell in Central America Project (1953-1969). Restrictions: 	Collections #39-2-1267 and #39-2-1268 are restricted to the permission of the office of origin.
   1 Summary: 	Records pertaining to research and extension, including the New York State Fair, particularly with sheep, swine, and goats, 1949-1973. 	Also, two video cassettes of "The Legacy of C. R. Henderson," from the American Dairy Science Association Symposium, June 1990 and radio talks (1949-1955) given by faculty over the Rural Radio Network.
   2 Summary: 	Seven manuscript maps and 10 engraved maps, in cloth portfolio. 
   1 Summary: 	The Gail and Stephen Rudin Slavery Collection consists of newspaper engravings, estate appraisals, wills, legal documents, manumissions, reward for capture of runaway slave advertisements, slave dealer and slave trade manuscripts, correspondence, sheet music, slave taxation records, stereoviews and other records documenting the sale, hire, purchase and debt payment of slaves in 18th and 19th century America  -- Returned to RMC & signed for by Anne Carson on 1/22/2013.
   5 Summary: 	The Gail and Stephen Rudin Slavery Collection consists of newspaper engravings, estate appraisals, wills, legal documents, manumissions, reward for capture of runaway slave advertisements, slave dealer and slave trade manuscripts, correspondence, sheet music, slave taxation records, stereoviews and other records documenting the sale, hire, purchase and debt payment of slaves in 18th and 19th century America.
   3 Summary: 	The Gail and Stephen Rudin Slavery Collection consists of newspaper engravings, estate appraisals, wills, legal documents, manumissions, reward for capture of runaway slave advertisements, slave dealer and slave trade manuscripts, correspondence, sheet music, slave taxation records, stereoviews and other records documenting the sale, hire, purchase and debt payment of slaves in 18th and 19th century America.  -- Returned to RMC & signed for by Anne Carson on 1/22/2013.
   1 Summary: 	The collection contains panoramic photographs from ILGWU conventions and anniversary dinners. Included in the collection are five panoramic photographs orignally belonging to Anna Bensh. There is the 35th Anniversary of Local 91 of the ILGWU taken during the dinner party at the Hotel Commodore on December 18, 1948. And the 40th Anniversary of Local 91 of the ILGWU taken during the dinner party at the Hotel Commodore on December12, 1953. Also included is the ILGWU Golden Jubilee Convention from May 23-June 1, 1950 in Atlantic City, NJ taken outside the convention hall, as well as two images from inside the convention hall with the delegates at long tables.
   1 Summary: 	The text of the 13th Amendment followed by the signatures of the officers of Congress, President Lincoln, and, below, the members of the Senate and the House who voted for the joint resolution. To the original document is added a parchment head-piece engrossed with the words (Leviticus 25:10) "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land, and unto the inhabitants thereof."
   1 Summary: 	Thirty scrapbooks containing letters, clippings, photographs, and printed materials relating to Corson’s travels, life, and career; correspondence exchanged between Corson and colleagues on Shakespeare, Chaucer, Tennyson, Browning, and other figures of English literature; reviews of books and articles by Corson and other scholars; announcements, programs, letters, notes, and reviews pertaining to Corson’s activities as public lecturer and reader; letters from friends and family members dealing chiefly with personal matters: health, progress of career, daily activities; one scrapbook devoted to spiritualism, including letters from and about Madame Helena Petrovna Blavatsky, co-founder of the American Theosophical Society. Unbound material includes large numbers of family letters with extensive comments on the early days of Cornell University and life in Ithaca, New York, accounts of the travels of Corson, his wife, Caroline, and their son Eugene, their daily work and activities; clippings, pamphlets, reprints of articles relating to Corson’s work in the field of English literature and that of his son in medicine; drafts of lectures and articles; anatomical, physiological, and surgical drawings; photographs; a syllabus; and miscellaneous books. Also, a tape recorded interview with Signe Sjoegren conducted by Gould P. Colman concerning the activities of Corson during the last seven years of his life.
   1 Summary: 	This collection contains about a hundred letters and some drawings, addressed mostly by Parisian intellectuals, poets and scholars to Ernst Curtius and Ernst Robert Curtius, two prominent members of the German educated upper middle-class (Bildungsbürgertum), between 1841 and 1934. Correspondents include Sylvia Beach, Jean Cocteau, Stefan George, André Gide, James Joyce, Thomas Mann, Marcel Proust, Rainer Maria Rilke, Paul Valéry, and others.
   1 Summary: 	Twenty-eight scrapbooks of programs from Ithaca, New York theaters, including the Lyceum (1893-1900, 1902-1917, 1924-1925); Library Hall; Wilgus Hall; Town Hall; and Cascadilla Hall. Also, one scrapbook of Cornell Masques (1894-1925), sample tickets, papers relating to the sale of the Lyceum, newspaper clippings, and several glass slides of local theaters. Also, two copies of the thesis, "A Sketch of the Theatres of Ithaca, 1842-1942,", 1942, one with photographs affixed.
   1 Summary:   "The White Collection of Historical Medallions, including, among other things, all the casts of Eichler of Berlin, namely two thousand copies of antique gems in the Royal Museum at Berlin, illustrative of ancient history and art; over five hundred casts illustrating mediaevel and renaissance history and art; some four hundred medallion portraits of eminent personages in modern history, derived from authentic portraits." Cornell University Register, 1868-69. --  Notes: 	In English. --  Restrictions:   By appointment only.
   1 Summary:   Manuscripts, correspondence, documents, broadsides, microfilms, objects, and graphics by, to or about Lafayette and his family, with family documents extending back to 1520 and through the death of Georges Washington Lafayette in 1849. Includes texts of Lafayette’s speeches, his commentary on public events, material compiled for inclusion in his memoirs, financial statements, letters he wrote to his wife from America during the Revolution, letters he wrote while imprisoned in Austria (1792-1797); many letters from foreign correspondents on the progress of liberal causes in their countries, including letters from leaders of the Italian revolutionary movement; notes concerning the Belgian revolution, letters and documents on his involvement in the Italian and Polish revolutions, and documents concerning the management of family business affairs, including the management of the family estates. Also included are objects from the Lafayette estate, including two clocks and a life mask of the Marquis de Lafayette by Pierre Houdon (on loan from the Johnson Art Museum).
   1 Summary:  - To be exhibited in the "Speaking of Sex" Exhibit, February 14 – October 11, 2014
   1 Summary:  A collection of early Chinese export watercolors including "Street Trades," on paper with J. Whatman watermark, similar in format and subject to those published in an 1800 British work by George Mason, and also including children’s toys, boats, mandarins, butterflies, and Chinese scenes probably ca. 1790; a small bound volume of "Illustrations of China," also similar in style and subject to the Mason engravings; a set of 24 watercolors on "The Culture of Tea & Silk;" a set of later watercolors on pith paper illustrating birds, boats, fruits, flowers, punishments, people, and court life in the 1850s, probably late 19th century; and individual volumes of street signs by Chou Chi-ming and Chou Pei-ch’un, paintings of Chinese robes illustrating rank by Chou Chi-ming, and paintings of Peking street scenes by Wang Yüan-hsün.
   1 Summary:  Autographed photo of Mao Zedong, photo of Zhu De, autographed photo of General Ye Jianying, and photo of General Peng Dehuai. All photos are approximately 2 x 3 cm.
   1 Summary:  Ordinarius ordinis Cisterciensis (preceded by table of contents), expCapitual de divino officio exponenda (preceded by table of contents), miscellaneous articles, Dutch translation of a papal bull.
   1 Summary:  Papers related to the Telluride Association and Deep Springs College. Includes newsletters, reports, and correspondence.
   1 Summary:  Posters, press sheets, and stills used to advertise pornographic films.
   4 Summary: Collection includes loose prints from Audubon books.  All correspondence documentation & photos done either at RMC or Graphics Lab,CLS simply made record.
   2 Summary: Consists mainly of correspondence among American abolitionists, including many letters to Samuel Joseph May. Also included are May’s diaries from 1859-1861 and 1865-1870; correspondence among members of May’s family and the family of James Miller McKim; and some correspondence with Daniel Willard Fiske and George William Harris concerning the building of the May Anti-Slavery Collection at Cornell University. Correspondents include Lyman Abbott, John Brown, Henry Grafton Chapman, Maria Weston Chapman, David Lee Child, Lydia Maria Child, Daniel Willard Fiske, William Lloyd Garrison, D.C. Haynes, George William Harris, H.B. Holmes, Oliver Otis Howard, Oliver Johnson, Joseph May, Lucretia F. May, Samuel May Jr., Samuel Joseph May, James Miller McKim, William Forster Mitchell, Lucretia Coffin Mott, Wendell Phillips, Reuben Tomlinson, George Cabot Ward, and Theodore G. Wright.
   1 Summary: Diploma of Charles Temple Brewer, 1876. Also, diplomas and certificates of other Cornellians, including Olive Butler Morrison (with mailing tube from Secretary’s Office, Morrill Hall) (1903), Hyman Berkowitz (1917), Cornelius Chase, Hetty Burritt Townley, Joseph S. Barr (1918), Myrta Lillian Goodenough, Marie Garner Warren, Eugene Samuel Ovenshine (1925), Gladys Fay Gilkey (1919), Frederick W. Ritter, Sr. (1909), Feodosy Alexander Juravleff (1929), George Hodge Hays, Jr. (1922 Mechanical Engineering), Glenna Vreeland (1937), John Herman Pape, Jr. (1940), and Thomas C. Trafzer (1948). Certificates include varsity track certificate of Clarence Francis Spindler, 1927.
   1 Summary: Five cartes-de-visite photographs, 1868, one of members of the Chinese Embassy, produced by Jeremiah Gurney & Son, Broadway, New York; four of individual Chinese men, produced by Mathew B. Brady & Co., Washington, D.C.
   1 Summary: Five manuscripts obtained from Southwestern China containing religious prayers and moral maxims. 
   1 Summary: Guest register of the Clinton House, Ithaca, Tompkins Co., New York, May 30, 1860 - Nov. 28, 1863.
   1 Summary: Legal documents, 1791-1897, include articles of agreement, deeds, mortgages, and property titles in and around Ithaca, New York, drawn up by Horace Mack, Sr. and Jr., Benjamin G. Ferris, and Joshua Ferris. Also included are affidavits of application for military land grants by Revolutionary War soldiers, 1818; maps of Tioga County (New York) township divisions, surveyed, 1808; will of Thomas Hathway bequeathing a portion of land to the Publick Universal Friend (Jemima Wilkinson), 1795; expense account, probably of Benjamin Ferris, for a trip to Albany, 1827; and correspondence between Mack and Ferris family members about banking, legal favors, and property interests. Personal papers include bills and receipts, 1804-1902; a deed for land in Montgomery County, New York for John Shelly signed by Governor George Clinton; a well water analysis, Ithaca, New York, 1895; manuscripts on local history, 1901, 1975; and miscellaneous correspondence. Also, material concerning the Riley and Kephart families. Correspondence of Horace Kephart and printed material pertaining to his work as a naturalist and early advocate for establishing the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. 	Papers relating to George S. Kephart include photograph album/scrapbooks from Bangor, Maine, New York-Minneapolis, Klamath, Oregon, and Chicago-Washington; personal reminiscences; materials about World War I service in France; writings and publications; Cornell Crew materials; and materials about the Kephart Glen in the Cornell plantations. 	Memorabilia, primarily relating to Leonard W. Kephart (Class of 1913), including postcards, letters, programs, photographs, views of Ithaca, clippings, 1909 high school class prophecy, and a variety of items from his time at Cornell and later. Manuscript of poem: "Trooper [Trumpeter] George" written by Horace Mack, Jan. 22, 1899, illustrated by Julia Mack; other poems and rhymes by Horace Mack. Also inscribed copy of "Courtney: Master Oarsman - Champion Coach" by Margaret K. Look, "The Cornell Navy," by C.V.P. Young, and 1913 Cornell Students’ Handbook
   1 Summary: Letters, diary fragments, notes, manuscripts, and other material documenting Burr’s boyhood in Newark Valley, New York, and his student days at Cortland Academy, at Cornell University, and at Leipzig University; his travels and activities in Europe collecting rare books and manuscripts for Cornell; his relationship with Andrew Dickson White; his relationships with other American and European scholars and his students; his work for the Venezuela-Guiana Boundary Commission; and his interest in the American Historical Association, the Cornell Alumni Association, the Cornell Christian Association, the Hall of Fame at New York University, the Telluride Association, and in many other social and professional groups.  -- 
   7 Summary: Letters, notes, legal documents, maps, and plates dating mostly from 1770-1794, relating to Lavoisier’s involvement in Old Regime taxation in France’s Ferme Générale, his scientific work, the Académie des Sciences (of which he was a member), and the Régie des Poudres et Salpêtres (which he administered). Also included are notes and correspondence by Marie-Anne-Pierrette Lavoisier, his wife, who translated English scientific works into French and created the plates for his Traité Elémentaire de Chemie. Letters include correspondence with the Académie des Sciences, Jean Sylvain Bailly, François Baudon, Anne-Margueritte-Charlotte Baudon, Antoine Baumé, Claude-Louis Berthollet, Jean-Antoine-Claude Chaptal, Joseph Black, Henri Louis Duhamel du Monceau, Auguste Denis Fougeroux de Bondaroy, Antoine-François de Fourcroy, Benjamin Franklin (photocopy of one letter), Jean-Antoine Lavoisier, Joseph Louis Lagrange, Marie-Anne-Pierrette Lavoisier, Gaspard Monge, Jacques Paulze, and the Régie des Poudres et Salpêtres. Other documents relate to Benoist LaForte, the Ferme Générale, the Académie des Sciences, Mathurin-Jacques Brisson, Joseph Priestley, the Régie des Poudres et Salpêtres, and other aspects of Lavoisier’s life and work.
   1 Summary: Manuscript plan of Antoine Lavoisier’s country estate, on paper backed with cloth.
   1 Summary: Movie posters advertising films involving witches: "I married a witch" (two posters, 1942), "Burn witch, burn" (1962), "Meine Frau die Hexe" (German version of "I married a witch," undated), "Night of dark shadows" (1971), "The devil’s bride" (1968?), "Season of the witch" (2010), and "Maid of Salem," starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray (1937). Also, two political T-shirts from 2010, one concerning the Delaware Tea Party (showing a witch stirring a cauldron-sized cup of tea) and one depicting Senate candidate Christine O’Donnell as a witch.  Information incomplete, returned untreated
   1 Summary: Movie posters advertising films involving witches: "I married a witch" (two posters, 1942), "Burn witch, burn" (1962), "Meine Frau die Hexe" (German version of "I married a witch," undated), "Night of dark shadows" (1971), "The devil’s bride" (1968?), "Season of the witch" (2010), and "Maid of Salem," starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray (1937). Also, two political T-shirts from 2010, one concerning the Delaware Tea Party (showing a witch stirring a cauldron-sized cup of tea) and one depicting Senate candidate Christine O’Donnell as a witch. Notes: Mainly in English; one poster in German.
   1 Summary: Photographs, clippings, cartoons, visual records, awards, plaques and other ephemera relating to the political career of William P. Rogers as U.S. Attorney General and U.S. Secretary of State. The bulk of the collection relates to the international travels of the Rogers as they met with world leaders in Afghanistan, Argentina, Brazil, China, Hungary, Iran, Japan, Jordan, Mexico, Peru, and the Philippines.
   1 Summary: Posters advertising Israel, and some posters concerning the Six Day War in 1967. - Notes: In English.
  15 Summary: Seven manuscript maps and 10 engraved maps, in cloth portfolio. 
   1 Summary: The Gail and Stephen Rudin Slavery Collection consists of newspaper engravings, estate appraisals, wills, legal documents, manumissions, reward for capture of runaway slave advertisements, slave dealer and slave trade manuscripts, correspondence, sheet music, slave taxation records, stereoviews and other records documenting the sale, hire, purchase and debt payment of slaves in 18th and 19th century America
   1 Summary: Thirty scrapbooks containing letters, clippings, photographs, and printed materials relating to Corson’s travels, life, and career; correspondence exchanged between Corson and colleagues on Shakespeare, Chaucer, Tennyson, Browning, and other figures of English literature; reviews of books and articles by Corson and other scholars; announcements, programs, letters, notes, and reviews pertaining to Corson’s activities as public lecturer and reader; letters from friends and family members dealing chiefly with personal matters: health, progress of career, daily activities; one scrapbook devoted to spiritualism, including letters from and about Madame Helena Petrovna Blavatsky, co-founder of the American Theosophical Society. Unbound material includes large numbers of family letters with extensive comments on the early days of Cornell University and life in Ithaca, New York, accounts of the travels of Corson, his wife, Caroline, and their son Eugene, their daily work and activities; clippings, pamphlets, reprints of articles relating to Corson’s work in the field of English literature and that of his son in medicine; drafts of lectures and articles; anatomical, physiological, and surgical drawings; photographs; a syllabus; and miscellaneous books. Also, a tape recorded interview with Signe Sjoegren conducted by Gould P. Colman concerning the activities of Corson during the last seven years of his life.
   1 Summary: Volume of photographs of New York State senators, including Andrew Dickson White and Ezra Cornell.
   1 Summary: Volumes containing honors designs and theses; an interscholastic competition; and merit solutions for landscape design, 1912-1922. Also, student projects and drawings, and photographs of projects, 1903-1967; three banners and one plaque for the Inter College Athletic Championships, 1910-1916; approximately 300 student pen and ink sketches, primarily copied from published works; and student projects for the Dept. of City and Regional Planning. Includes drawings of Cornell University and Ithaca buildings, such as Sage College, Boardman and Cascadilla Halls, Llenroc, the Grant Mansion, Giles House and student apartments, as well as proposed residential halls and academic buildings. Also, drawings of historic European and classical structures, and architectural elements. Among the students and architects whose work is represented are Carre`re & Hastings, Richard C. Murdock (Cornell University Class of 1927), John Wellborn Root (Cornell University Class of 1909), and Robert J. Eidlitz (Cornell University Class of 1885).
   7 Summary: Volumes containing honors designs and theses; an interscholastic competition; and merit solutions for landscape design, 1912-1922. Also, student projects and drawings, and photographs of projects, 1903-1967; three banners and one plaque for the Inter College Athletic Championships, 1910-1916; approximately 300 student pen and ink sketches, primarily copied from published works; and student projects for the Dept. of City and Regional Planning. Includes drawings of Cornell University and Ithaca buildings, such as Sage College, Boardman and Cascadilla Halls, Llenroc, the Grant Mansion, Giles House and student apartments, as well as proposed residential halls and academic buildings. Also, drawings of historic European and classical structures, and architectural elements. Among the students and architects whose work is represented are Carre`re & Hastings, Richard C. Murdock (Cornell University Class of 1927), John Wellborn Root (Cornell University Class of 1909), and Robert J. Eidlitz (Cornell University Class of 1885). 
   1 Surface Science 605 (2011) 1185–1196
   1 Survey of library & museum digitization projects. New York : Primary Research Group, c2010.
   1 Survey of medical and other scientific libraries. New York : Primary Research Group, 2012.
   1 Tag I nl u I Subfield Data 035 :f:a (OCoLC)816825078 035 :f:a 7901195 040 :f:a NIC :f:e rda :f:c NIC 245 0 0 :f:a Cathenvood rolled document and photo record 260 :f:a Ithaca, J'I,'Y: :f:b ILR School 500 :f:a Temporary record used to send rolled items for preservation 948 1 :f:a 20121109 :f:b o :f:d ilr37 :f:e ilr,lmdc :f;f?---1 of 35 items included as best that could be counted by Marcia Clark: 3 broadsides; 5 photos; 1 calendar; 4 charters/certificates; 2 drawings of trains; 2 Bertha Howell photos; 7 MP Cathwood items; 1 poster; 9 copies of newsprint -  1 item that needs a corner separated.
   1 Tanaka, Takuro: 2006, Lexical Decomposition and Comparative Structures for Japanese Determiners, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Technical Services
   1 Technicalities, Jan./Feb. 2007, v.27, no.1
   1 Technicalities, July/Aug. 2006, v.26, no.4
   1 Technicalities, July/Aug. 2007, v.27, no.4
   1 Technicalities, Mar./Apr. 2007, v.27, no.2
   1 Technicalities, May/June 2006, v.26, no.3
   1 Technicalities, May/June 2007, v.27, no.3
   1 Technicalities, Nov./Dec 2006, v.26, no.6
   1 Technicalities, Sept./Oct. 2006, v.26, no.5
   1 Technicalities, v. 28, no. 1, Jan./Feb. 2008
   1 Technicalities, v. 28, no. 3, May/Jun. 2008
   1 Technicalities, v. 28, no. 4, July/Aug. 2008
   1 Tectonics, vol. 17, p. 520-533, 1998
   1 Tectonics, vol. 8, p. 163-184, 1999
   1 Tectonics, vol. 9, p. 1369-1386, 1990
   1 Tectonophysics, vol. 207, p. 345-358, 1992
   1 Tectonophysics, vol. 220, p. 267-281, 1993
   1 The Affordable City: Toward a Third Sector Housing Policy, John Emmeus Davis, ed. (Philadelphia, PA: Temple University Press, 1990), pp. 165-200.
   1 The American Journal of Islamic Social Sciences. (1990: 7, 3; 385-402)
   1 The Carnegie  Endowment for International Peace, Report of the International Commission to Inquire  into the Causes and Conduct of the Balkan Wars (Washington, DC: The Endowment,  1914).
   1 The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, Report of the  International Commission to Inquire into the Causes and Conduct of the Balkan Wars  (Washington, DC: The Endowment, 1914).
   1 The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, Report of the International  Commission to Inquire into the Causes and Conduct of the Balkan Wars (Washington,  DC: The Endowment, 1914).
   1 The Cornell Institute for European Studies Working Papers Series, # 01.1, 12pp., 2001
   1 The Cornell Journal of Architecture, Media of Representation
   1 The Department of State Bulletin, XXXV, No. 907 (November 12, 1956), pp. 745-747.
   1 The Feline Report, v.1,  September 1974
   1 The Feline Report, v.2, September 1975
   1 The Handheld Librarian Online Conference Series – Online Conferences about Mobile Library Services, February 18, 2010
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 1, no. 1, September, 1951
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, vol. 16, September, 1966
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, vol. 17, September, 1967
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, vol. 18, September, 1968
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, vol. 19, September, 1969
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, vol. 20, September, 1970
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, vol. 21, September, 1971
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, vol. 22, September, 1972
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, vol. 23, September, 1973
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, vol. 24, September, 1974
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, vol. 25, September, 1975
   1 The Institute Report from the Cornell Research Laboratory for Diseases of Dogs, vol. 26, September, 1976
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, [Farm Livestock Program], vol. 14, September, 1964
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 10, October, 1960
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 11, October, 1961
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 12, September, 1962
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 13, September, 1963
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 14, September, 1964
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 15, September, 1965
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 2, no. 1, September, 1952
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 3, no. 1, September, 1953
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 4, no. 1, September, 1954
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 5 no. 1, October, 1955
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 6, October, 1956
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 7, October, 1957
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 8, October, 1958
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute, vol. 9, October, 1959
   1 The Institute Report from the Veterinary Virus Research Institute. Research Report: Cattle and Livestock Investigations, vol. 15, September, 1965
   1 The Inter-Union Commission on the Lithosphere and the American Geophysical Union, Washington, D. C., 1991
   1 The James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 46, 1996
   1 The James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 47, 1997
   1 The James A. Baker Institute for Animal Health Annual Report, vol. 48, 1998
   1 The Journal of Health Administration Education, Summer 2009.
   1 The Journal of Phys. Chem. B, 2012, 116 (8), pp 2385–2395
   1 The Language and Literacy Spectrum. A Journal of the New York State Reading Association. ( 1999: 9; 2-16).
   1 The Leading Edge, 19, 176-182, 2000
   1 The Leading Edge, vol. 16, p. 1171-1175, 1997
   1 The Leading Edge, vol. 16, p. 1473-1482, 1997
   1 The Philosophical Transactions, 1801 (Part I), pp 23-88
   1 The Physiologist (2010) v53 n6 p197-201
   1 The Referring Veterinarian, Fall 1991
   1 The Referring Veterinarian, Fall 1994
   1 The Referring Veterinarian, Fall 1995
   1 The Referring Veterinarian, Fall 1996
   1 The Referring Veterinarian, Spring 1991
   1 The Referring Veterinarian, Spring 1994
   1 The Referring Veterinarian, Spring 1995
   1 The Referring Veterinarian, Spring 1997
   1 The Referring Veterinarian, Winter 1992-93
   1 The Referring Veterinarian, Winter 1994
   1 The Referring Veterinarian, Winter 1996
   1 The Review of Income and Wealth, 55 (1) (March 2009): 166-185
   1 The Review. Newsletter/Journal of Middle East Women's Studies. Spring/Summer, (2004: xix, 1 & 2; 19)
   1 The Senate of Canada. Proceedings of the Standing Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs. First Session. Thirtieth Parliament 1974-1975. Issue 10, March 18, 1975.
   1 The Serials Librarian 01/2008; 54:7-21. DOI:10.1080/03615260801973364
   1 The Thorne Collection and a selection of other rare items in the Cornell Law Library
   1 The Thorne Collection and a selection of other rare items in the Cornell... 
   1 The Traveler, Vol. 1 No. 1, February 1912
   1 The Traveler, Vol. 2, No. 1, October 1912
   1 The University Press of Florida (1996). Translated into Arabic under the title Al Kayan Al Islami wa-Al Nidhal min Ajl Al`Adalah. Damascus: Dar Al-Fikr (1999).
   1 The University Records, Series 5, No. 6, July 1905
   1 The Visible Hand, Volume XI, Issue 1
   1 The collection contains nearly 80 sound recordings, rare posters, flyers and other ephemera, books, magazines and newspapers documenting Fela’s career as a musician and activist. Notes: 	In English.
   2 The collection includes administrative records that document the College’s involvement with government, educational, and private organizations at the national, state, and local levels; the College’s involvement in World War I, World War II, defense, and relief committees; student and alumni activities; teaching and research studies and reports; extension and outreach work; College committees and activities including the Farmers’ Institute, Farm and Home Week, Honors Day, Home Economics Institutes and 4-H. The collection contains correspondence from Martha Van Rensselaer, Flora Rose, Liberty Hyde Bailey, Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt, Carrie Chapman Catt, Susan B. Anthony and from alumni, until the 1960s. There are also blueprints, sketches, samples and photographs of Martha Van Rensselaer Hall and its construction; a large series of photographs, negatives, and slides depicting all aspects of the College, including Deans Sarah Blanding, Elizabeth Vincent, Helen Canoyer, and David Knapp
   1 The core of the collection is a series of rare soundboard recordings of live performances taken directly from the soundboard, with clear labels indicating dates, venues, and performers. It is likely that these were the master tapes from which "battle tapes" of live performances were made and distributed in the South Bronx. Also includes are Lenny’s personal copies of 13 of the original 25 Ultimate Breaks and Beats compilation LPs; 127 hip hop party fliers, and a selection of publications relating to record collecting and DJing. Notes: 	The collection contains 13 original cassettes of master tapes, plus CD-Rs of the same material and a few additional CD-Rs from other sources, as well as digitized copies the CD-Rs as both lossless AIFF and high-bitrate MP3s. 	In English.
   1 The fourth edition.
   1 The history and typology of western Austronesian voice systems / edited by Fay Wouk and Malcolm Ross. Canberra, ACT, Australia : Pacific Linguistics, Research School of Pacific and Asian Studies, the Australian National University, 2002.
   1 The third edition corrected.  --  [40], 246 p. ; 20 cm.
  37 Thirty-four drawings and four engraved street plans, in a cloth portfolio. 
   1 This cased image appears to be a tintype-there are dents in the plate characteristic of Tintypes (on iron)-glass
   1 This cased image appears to be an ambrotype----it does not react to a magnet and the high and low lights are indicative of ambrotype.
   1 This collection contains articles and reviews (primarily photocopies), as well as eight scrapbooks with clippings documenting the history and publicity of "Pins and Needles."
   1 This collection contains records, meeting minutes and ledgers of the Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen.
   1 This collection has 4 boxes of curled photos approximately 200 photos per box.  Approximately 68 photos are enclosed in this box (per Marcia).
   1 This presentation, created by Lori Bushway, is based on the Cornell Guide to Growing Fruit at Home publication developed by the following specialists in the Horticulture Department at Cornell University: Marcia Eames-Sheavly, Marvin Pritts, Craig Cramer, Lori Bushway, Ian Mervin, Rick Reisinger as well as Steve McKay a Cornell Cooperative Extension specialist in the Hudson Valley.
   1 This was originally processed with call # as Archives uncataloged 1876/77.
   1 This was originally processed with job # 1393-G06, it was changed to 11096 and processed at the Olin lab.  Tatyana Petukhova then proceeded to re-assign job # 1393 to a map  with completely different cataloging, that was originally processed with the job # 1395-G06.
   1 This was sent through with Job # 1402-G06, Tatyana Petukhova changed job # to 1394 which was originally a totally different title, and was reassigned to job # 11097 --------------
   1 Thomas G. Masaryk, The Making of a State: Memories and Observations 1914-1918 (New York: Frederick A. Stokes Co., 1927), pp. 440-443.
   1 Thomas Thorton, The Present State of Turkey, (London: Joseph Mawman,  1809), Vol. II, pp. 369-371, reprinted in Alfred J. Bannan & Achilles Edelenyi, eds.,  Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp.  118-119.
   1 Thomas, Sarah E., "Abundance, Attention, and Access - Of Portals and Catalogs," A Bimonthly Report on Research Library Issues and Actions from ARL, CNI, and SPARC, Issue 212 (October 2000).
   1 Thomas, Sarah E., "Collaborating for Fun and Profit: Confessions of an Ex-Cataloger," Souborne Katalogy: organizace a sluzby/Union Catalogs: their Organization and Services, CASLIN '99, Praha, Narodni Knihovna, 1999, 11-20.
   1 Thomas, Sarah E., "From Double Fold to Double Bind," The Journal of Academic Librarianship, v.28, no.3, May 2002 104-108
   1 Thomas, Sarah E., "Library Environments and Organization: Opportunities or Constraints?"  PEB Exchange: The Journal of the OECD Programme on Educational Building, v.2003/2, no.49 (June), p.19-23.
   1 Thomas, Sarah E., "On the Centennial of Peking University:  Will Electronic Records Created Today Survive to the Bicentennial?" Proceedings of the International Conference on New Missions of Academic Libraries in the 21st Century,  Beijing: Peking University Press, 1998.
   1 Thomas, Sarah E., "Quality in Bibliographic Control," Library Trends, v.44, no.3 (winter 1996) 491-505
   1 Thomas, Sarah E., "The Catalog as Portal to the Internet," Proceedings of the Bicentennial Conference on Bibliographic Control for the New Millennium: Confronting the Challenges of Networked Resources and the Web, Washington, D.C., Library of Congress, Cataloging Distribution Service, 2001, 21-37.
   1 Thomas, Sarah E., "Think Globally, Act Locally: Electronic Resources and Collection Development," Journal of Library Administration, v.36, no.3, (2002) 93-107
   1 Thomas, Sarah E., "Using the Portal for Discovery of Discipline-Based Electronic Resources," Proceedings of the International Conference Electronic Resources Definition, Selection and Cataloguing, Rome, 2001.
   1 Thomas, Sarah E., Advancing Scholarship Through Library Collaboration, in Die Innovative Bibliothek: Elmar Mittler zum 65. Geburtstag, ed. Eerland Kolding Nielson, Klaus G. Saur and Klaus Ceynowa. Muenchen, K. G. Saur, 2005, p.67-75.
   1 Thorne Uncataloged  ACC #LA 15808
   1 Tight binding, full leather, has endbands, gilt edges of gold.  Top was overly trimmed when bound. Tooled in gold inside as well as outside covers, also blind tooled on outside of covers.
   1 Title alternative:
   1 To Bronwyn for scanning 8/14/2012,  ret'd from scanning 2/5/2013, ret'd to cls 2/18/2013, ret'd to home dept again 2/20/2013 and signed for by Thomas Mills, ret'd to LAW LIBRARY-COMPLETED
  51 To be exhibited in the "Speaking of Sex" Exhibit, February 14 – October 11, 2014
   1 To: Anne R. Carson
   1 Tom, Werner: 2006, An Analysis of Existential Anankastics: How to Get There from Here, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Torres, Erick. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17503. May 2010.
   1 Transfered to RMC after treatment done in 1990
   1 Transforming information literacy programs : intersecting frontiers of self, library culture, and campus community / Carroll Wetzel Wilkinson and Courtney Bruch, editors. Chicago : Association of College and Research Libraries, 2012.
   1 Translated from a manuscript, written by the prefetto of Egypt in company with the missionaries de propaganda fide at Grand Cairo. To which are added some remarks on the origin of hieroglyphics and the mythology of the ancient heathens. By the Right Reverend Robert, lord bishop of Clogher. Dedicated to the Society of antiquaries, London
   1 Trautmann NM, Krasny ME. Composting in the Classroom: Scientific Inquiry for High School Students. Dubuque, Iowa: Kendall/Hunt Publishing Company. 1998. 116 p.
   1 Trybuna Ludu [People?s Tribune], 6 July 1949
   1 Trybuna Ludu: Clear Current and Scum, 1956,  from a reprint of this editorial which appeared in Pravda  October 25, 1956.
   1 Unable to locate a Voyager record other than microfilm, jmb 11/29/2012
   1 V. Rydberg:  Teutonic Mythology. Lond. 1889
   1 Vasquez, Kevin. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17518. May 2010.
   1 Veterinary News, Fall 1983
   1 Veterinary News, Fall 1984
   1 Veterinary News, Fall 1985
   1 Veterinary News, Spring 1983
   1 Veterinary News, Spring 1984
   1 Veterinary News, Spring 1985
   1 Veterinary News, Summer 1983
   1 Veterinary News, Summer 1984
   1 Veterinary News, Summer 1985
   1 Veterinary News, Winter 1983
   1 Veterinary News, Winter 1984
   1 Veterinary News, Winter 1985
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Fall 1983
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Fall 1994
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Issue 2, 1986
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Issue 3, 1986
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Issue 4, 1986
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 1, 1987
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 1, 1988
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 1, 1990
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 1, 1991
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 1, 1992
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 1, May 1976
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 10, Summer 1979
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 11, Winter 1980
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 12, Fall 1980
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 13, Winter 1981
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 14, Summer 1981
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 15, Winter 1982
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 16, Spring 1982
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 17, Summer 1982
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 18, Fall 1982
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 2, 1987
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 2, 1988
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 2, 1989
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 2, 1990
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 2, 1991
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 2, Summer 1976
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 3, 1987
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 3, 1988
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 3, 1989
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 3, 1990
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 3, December 1976
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 4, 1987
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 4, 1988
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 4, 1989
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 4, May 1977
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 5, Summer 1977
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 6, Winter 1978
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 7, June 1978
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 8, Winter 1979
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, No. 9, Spring 1979
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Spring 1983
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Spring 1993
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Spring 1995
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Summer 1983
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Summer 1995
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Vol. 1,  No. 5, 1986
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Vol. 1, 1984
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Vol. 2, 1984
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Vol. 3, 1984
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Vol. 4,  No. 1, 1985
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Vol. 4,  No. 2, 1985
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Vol. 4,  No. 3, 1985
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Vol. 4,  No. 4, 1985
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Vol. 4, 1984
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, Winter 1983
   1 Veterinary Viewpoints, no. 1, 1989
   1 Vol 38; No.1
   1 Vol 38; No.2
   1 Vol 39; No.1
   1 Vol 39; No.2
   1 Vol. 40; No. 1
   1 Vol. 40; No. 2
   1 Vol. 41; No. 1
   1 Vol. 41; No. 2
   1 Vol. 42; No. 1
   1 Vol. 42; No. 2
   1 Vol. 43; No.1
   1 Volume 1, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 1, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 1, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 1, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 10, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 10, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 10, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 10, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 10, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 100, Pamphlet 16, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 100, Pamphlet 17, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 100, Pamphlet 18, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 100, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 101, Pamphlet 20, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 101, Pamphlet 26, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 101, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 102, Pamphlet 12, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 102, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 103, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 104, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 104, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 106, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 106, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 106, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 108, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 109, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 109, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 11, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 12, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 13, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 14, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 15, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 16, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 17, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 18, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 19, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 20, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 21, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 27, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 28, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 29, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 111, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 112, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 112, Pamphlet 12, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 112, Pamphlet 13, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 112, Pamphlet 14, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 112, Pamphlet 15, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 112, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 112, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 113, Pamphlet 20, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 113, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 114, Pamphlet 12, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 12, issue 1
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 12, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 13, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 14, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 15, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 16, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 17, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 18, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 19, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 20, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 123, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 126, Pamphlet 11, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 14, Pamphlet 17, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 14, Pamphlet 22-25, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 14, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 14, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 14, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 16, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 18, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 19, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 19, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 21, Number 2, 1983, pp. 204-214
   1 Volume 23, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 23, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 24, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 26, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 28, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 28, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 29, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 32, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 37, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 37, Pamphlet 11, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 37, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 41, Pamphlet 13, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 41, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 41, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 41, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 43, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 43, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 43, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 44, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 44, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 45, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 47, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 47, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 48, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 5, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 53, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 53, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 54, Pamphlet 11, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 54, Pamphlet 12, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 54, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 55, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 55, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 55, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 56, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 57, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 57, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 57, Pamphlet 11, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 57, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 57, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 57, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 57, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 57, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 57, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 57, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 58, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 58, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 58, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 62, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 62, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 63, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 63, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 63, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 64, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 64, Pamphlet 11, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 64, Pamphlet 12, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 64, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 64, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 64, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 64, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 64, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 64, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 65, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 65, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 65, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 66, Pamphlet 11, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 66, Pamphlet 14, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 67, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 67, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 67, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 67, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 67, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 67, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 68, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 68, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 68, Pamphlet 11, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 68, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 68, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 68, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 68, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 68, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 68, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 68, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 69, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 69, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 7, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 71, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 72, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 74, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 75, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 75, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 77, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 77, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 77, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 79, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 79, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 80, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 81, Pamphlet 12, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 81, Pamphlet 13, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 81, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 81, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 81, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 82, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 82, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 82, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 82, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 83, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 83, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 83, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 83, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 85, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 86, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 86, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 86, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 86, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 87, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 88, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 88, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 88, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 88, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 89, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 89, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 89, Pamphlet 11, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 89, Pamphlet 13, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 89, Pamphlet 15, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 89, Pamphlet 16, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 89, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 89, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 89, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 90, Pamphlet 1, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 90, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 90, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 11, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 12, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 18, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 19, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 20, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 21, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 22, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 24, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 91, Pamphlet 9, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 92, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 93, Pamphlet 10, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 93, Pamphlet 13, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 93, Pamphlet 5, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 93, Pamphlet 6, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 93, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 93, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 95, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 97, Pamphlet 12, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 97, Pamphlet 15, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 98, Pamphlet 8, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 99, Pamphlet 2, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 99, Pamphlet 20, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 99, Pamphlet 3, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 99, Pamphlet 4, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 Volume 99, Pamphlet 7, Wason Pamphlet Collection, Cornell University Library
   1 W. Baron, "Letter II," in Scenes of the Civil War in Hungary, In 1848 and 1849 with  Personal Adventures of an Austrian Officer (Philadelphia, E.H. Butler and Company, 1850), pp.  24-38.
   1 W. Li, L. Lindsay, D. A. Broido, D. A. Stewart, and N. Mingo, Phys. Rev. B, 86, 174307 (2012)
   1 Wagner, Michael: 2006, Givenness and Locality, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 Walter Farleigh Dodd, ed., Modern Constitutions:  A Collection of the Fundamental Laws of Twenty-two of the Most Important Countries of  the World, With Historical and Bibliographical Notes. [Chicago: The University of  Chicago Press, 1909]
   1 Warner et al. (2002)
   1 Week 6 - ShortCUTT for May 4, 2009
   1 Werbitsky, Jennifer. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17504. May 2010.
   1 Wetterau, Alyssa. “Reflection on Literacy.” Composing Literacies: Writing at Cornell. Jami L. Carlacio, Principal Investigator, Eric Machan Howd, Project Manager. Cornell University. Video. Available http://ecommons.library.cornell.edu/handle/1813/17505. May 2010.
   1 Wilbourn, M.P. & Casasola, M. (2007). Discriminating signs: Perceptual precursors to the acquisition of a visual-gestural language. Infant Behavior and Development, 30, 153-160.
   1 William MacMichael, A Journey From Moscow to Constantinople, (London: John Murray, 1819), pp. 117-119, reprinted in Alfred J. Bannan & Achilles Edelenyi, eds., Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp. 120-122.
   1 Winter, Yoad: 2006, Closure and Telicity across Categories, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 X-ray fluorescence recovers writing from ancient inscriptions. J. Powers, N. Dimitrova, R. Huang, D.-M. Smilgies, D. Bilderback, K. Clinton and R. E. Thorne. Zeitschrift fuer Papyrologie und Epigraphik 152, pp 221-227 (2005).
   1 Xiang Cheng,     Xinliang Xu,     Stuart A. Rice,     Aaron R. Dinner,     and Itai Cohen  Assembly of vorticity-aligned hard-sphere colloidal strings in a simple shear flow PNAS 2012 109 (1) 63-67; published ahead of print December 23, 2011, doi:10.1073/pnas.1118197108
   1 Yeh, Richard Cheng-I. Master's thesis, Cornell University, 2002.
   1 Ying Zhang and Christopher Marquis Achieving China’s next stage of “catching-up” China Policy Review, (Issue 1 2015: p. 57-58).
   1 Ying Zhang and Christopher Marquis Happiness and Catching-up. China Policy Review, (Issue 1 2015: p. 57-58).
   1 Yoon, D. K., and Jenkins, J. T. 2005. Kinetic theory for identical, frictional, nearly elastic disks. Phys. Fluids 17, 083301.
   1 Z. Boekelheide, A. X. Gray, C. Papp, B. Balke, D. A. Stewart, S. Ueda, K. Kobayashi, F. Hellman, and C. S. Fadley, Physical Review Letters, 105, 236404 (2010)
   1 Z. Boekelheide, D. A. Stewart, F. Hellman, Phys. Rev. B 86, 085120 (2012)
   1 Z. Boekelheide, T. Saerbeck, A. P. J. Stampfl, R. A. Robinson, D. A. Stewart, F. Hellman, Phys. Rev. B, 85, 094413 (2012)
   1 ZMF: Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 1, 1988
   1 ZMF: Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 10, 1991
   1 ZMF: Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 2, 1988
   1 ZMF: Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 3, 1989
   1 ZMF: Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 4, 1989
   1 ZMF: Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 5, 1989
   1 ZMF: Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 6, 1990
   1 ZMF: Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 7, 1990
   1 ZMF: Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 8, 1990
   1 ZMF: Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 9, 1991
   1 Zachary Stoyanoff, Pages From The Autobiography of a Bulgarian Insurgent, trans. M. W. Potter, (London: Edward Arnold, 1913), pp. 54-61; reprinted in: Alfred J. Bannan and Achilles Edelenyi, eds., Documentary History of Eastern Europe, (New York: Twayne Publishers, 1970), pp. 189-191.
   1 Zeldin, S. & Collura, J. (2010, June). Being Y-AP savvy: A primer on creating & sustaining youth-adult partnerships. Ithaca, NY: ACT for Youth Center of Excellence
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 11, December 1991
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 12, May 1992
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 13, December 1992
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 14, July 1993
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 15, November 1993
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 16, May 1994
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 17, August 1994
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 18, November 1994
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 19, April 1995
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 20, September 1995
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 21, April 1996
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 22, November 1996
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 23, June 1997
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 24, November 1997
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 25, June 1998
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 26, February 1999
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 27, August 1999
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 28, February 2000
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 29, June 2000
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 30, November 2000
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 31, July 2001
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 32, November 2001
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 33, July 2002
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 34, November 2002
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 35, November 2003
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 36, May 2004
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 37, August 2004
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 38, December 2004
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 39, June 2005
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 40, November 2005
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 41, June 2006
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 42, November 2006
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 43, June 2007
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 44, November 2007
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 45, April 2008
   1 Zweig Memorial Fund News Capsule, No. 46, November 2008
   1 Zweig News Capsule, No. 47, May 2009
   1 Zweig News Capsule, No. 48, November 2009
   1 Zweig News Capsule, No. 49, May 2010
   1 Zweig News Capsule, No. 50, November 2010
   1 Zweig News Capsule, No. 51, June 2011
   1 Zweig News Capsule, No. 52, November 2011
   1 Zweig News Capsule, No. 53, June 2012
   1 Zweig News Capsule, No. 54, November 2012
   1 Zweig News, No. 56, November 2013
   1 Zweig News, No. 57, June 2014
   2 Zweig News, No. 58, July 2014
   1 Zweig News, No. 58, November 2014
   1 Zweig News, No. 59, June 2015
   1 Zweig News, No.55, June 2013
   1 [Feline] Information Bulletin, No. 5, September 1983
   1 [cartographic material]
   1 appears to be uncataloged -- unable to locate in Voyager, jmb 1/31/2013
   1 ask at desk, unable to verify Voyager information -- Illuminated Mss. Broadside Box No. 10
   1 de Groote, Philippe: 2006, Towards a Montagovian Account of Dynamics, in M. Gibson and J. Howell (eds.) Proceedings of SALT XVI, CLC Publications, Cornell University, Ithaca.
   1 document from the Archive of the Historical Documentation of Polish People?s  Republic, Warsaw, Poland.  (Fundacja Archiwum Dokumentacji Historycznej PRL). Translated by Malgorzata Fidelis.
   1 escription: 	8 p. : port. ; 29 cm.
   1 etc.........
   1 http://aclweb.org/anthology/N/N15/N15-1171.pdf
   1 http://beta.worldcat.org/archivegrid/record.php?id=64745661 
   1 http://catalog.library.cornell.edu/gb6.html?bib_key=LCCN:16020350&limit=Entire%20book
   2 http://chnm.gmu.edu/history/faculty/kelly/archive/welcome.htm
   1 http://cornell.worldcat.org/title/paintings/oclc/64745661 
   1 http://digitalcommons.ilr.cornell.edu/ldi/20/
   1 http://digitalcommons.ilr.cornell.edu/ldi/24/
   1 http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.polymer.2011.03.031
   1 http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/1476750307081020
   1 http://hdl.handle.net/1813/3657
   1 http://semanticsarchive.net/Archive/jJkYjM3O/
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1888
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1889
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1890
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1891
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1892
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1893
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1894
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1895
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1896
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1900
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1901
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1902
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1903
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1904
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1905
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1906
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1908
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1909
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1910
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1911
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1912
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1913
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1914
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1915
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1916
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1917
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2003-1918
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1919
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1920
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1921
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1922
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1923
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1924
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1925
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1926
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1927
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1929
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1930
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1931
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1932
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1933
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1934
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1935
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1936
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1937
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1938
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1939
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1940
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1941
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1942
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1943
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1944
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1945
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1946
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1947
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1948
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1949
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1961
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1962
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1963
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1964
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1965
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1966
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1967
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1968
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1969
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1970
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1971
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2004-1972
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1973
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1974
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1975
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1976
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1977
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1978
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1979
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1980
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1981
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1982
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1983
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1984
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1985
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1986
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1987
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1988
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1989
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1990
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1991
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1992
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1993
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1994
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1995
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1996
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1997
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1998
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-1999
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2000
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2001
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2002
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2003
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2004
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2005
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2006
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2007
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2008
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2009
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2010
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2011
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2005-2012
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2013
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2014
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2015
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2016
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2017
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2018
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2019
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2020
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2022
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2023
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2024
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2025
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2026
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2027
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2028
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2029
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2030
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2032
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2033
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2034
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2035
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2037
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2038
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2039
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2040
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2041
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2042
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2043
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2044
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2045
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2046
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2047
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2048
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2049
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2050
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2051
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2052
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2057
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2058
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2059
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2060
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2061
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2062
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2063
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2064
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2006-2065
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2066
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2068
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2069
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2071
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2072
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2073
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2074
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2075
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2076
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2077
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2078
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2079
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2080
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2081
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2082
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2083
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2084
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2085
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2086
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2087
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2088
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2089
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2090
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2092
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2093
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cis/TR2007-2094
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1780
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1781
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1782
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1783
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1784
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1786
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1787
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1788
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1789
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1790
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1791
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1792
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1793
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1794
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1796
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1797
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1799
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1800
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1801
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1802
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1803
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1805
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1806
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1807
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1808
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1809
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1810
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1811
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1812
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1813
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1814
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1815
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1816
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1820
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1821
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1822
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1823
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1824
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1825
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1826
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1827
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1828
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1829
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1830
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2000-1831
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1832
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1833
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1834
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1835
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1836
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1838
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1839
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1840
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1841
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1842
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1843
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1844
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1845
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1846
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1847
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1849
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1850
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1852
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1853
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1854
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1855
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1856
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1857
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2001-1858
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1859
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1860
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1862
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1863
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1865
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1869
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1870
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1874
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1875
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1877
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1878
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1879
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1880
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1881
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1882
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1883
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1884
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1885
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1886
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR2002-1887
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-1
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-10
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-11
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-12
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-13
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-14
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-15
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-16
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-19
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-20
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-21
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-22
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-23
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-24
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-25
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-27
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-3
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-4
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-5
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-6
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-7
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-8
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR68-9
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-29
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-30
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-31
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-32
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-33
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-34
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-35
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-36
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-37
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-38
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-39
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-40
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-41
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-42
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-43
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-44
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-46
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-47
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR69-48
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-50
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-52
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-53
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-54
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-56
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-57
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-58
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-59
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-60
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-61
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-62
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-63
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-64
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-65
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-66
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-67
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-68
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-69
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-70
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-71
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-72
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-73
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-74
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-75
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-78
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-79
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-80
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-81
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-82
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-86
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR70-87
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-100
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-101
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-102
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-103
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-104
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-106
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-107
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-108
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-109
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-110
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-112
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-113
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-114
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-115
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-116
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-118
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-119
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-120
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-89
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-90
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-92
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-93
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-94
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-95
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-96
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-97
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-98
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR71-99
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-120
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-121
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-122
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-123
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-124
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-126
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-127
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-129
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-130
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-131
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-132
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-133
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-134
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-135
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-136
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-138
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-139
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-142
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-143
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-144
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-145
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-147
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-148
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-149
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-150
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-151
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-152
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR72-154
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-155
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-156
   2 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-157
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-159
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-160
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-161
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-162
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-165
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-166
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-167
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-168
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-169
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-170
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-171
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-173
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-174
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-175
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-176
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-178
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-179
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-180
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-181
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-182
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-183
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-184
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-185
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-186
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-187
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-188
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-189
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-190
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR73-192
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-193
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-196
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-197
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-198
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-199
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-200
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-201
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-202
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-203
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-204
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-205
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-206
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-207
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-208
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-209
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-210
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-211
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-212
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-213
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-214
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-216
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-217
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-218
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-219
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-220
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-221
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-222
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR74-223
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-215
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-224
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-225
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-226
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-227
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-228
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-229
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-231
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-232
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-233
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-234
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-235
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-236
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-237
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-238
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-239
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-240
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-241
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-242
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-243
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-244
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-245
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-246
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-247
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-248
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-249
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-250
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-251
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-253
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-254
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-255
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-256
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-257
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-258
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-259
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-260
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-261
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-262
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-263
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-264
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR75-265
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-266
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-267
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-268
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-269
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-270
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-271
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-272
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-274
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-275
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-276
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-277
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-278
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-279
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-280
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-281
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-282
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-283
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-284
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-286
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-287
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-288
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-290
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-291
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-292
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-293
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-294
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-295
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-296
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR76-297
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-298
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-299
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-300
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-301
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-302
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-303
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-304
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-305
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-306
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-307
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-308
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-309
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-310
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-311
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-312
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-313
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-315
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-316
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-317
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-318
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-319
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-320
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-321
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-322
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-323
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-324
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-325
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-326
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR77-327
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-328
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-329
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-330
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-332
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-333
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-334
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-335
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-336
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-337
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-338
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-339
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-340
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-341
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-343
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-344
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-346
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-347
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-348
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-349
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-350
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-351
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-352
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-353
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-354
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-355
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-356
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-357
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-358
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-360
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-361
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR78-362
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-363
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-364
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-365
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-366
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-367
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-368
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-369
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-370
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-373
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-374
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-375
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-376
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-377
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-378
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-379
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-380
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-381
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-382
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-383
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-384
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-385
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-386
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-387
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-388
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-390
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-391
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-392
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-393
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-394
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-395
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-396
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-397
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-399
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-400
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-401
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-402
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR79-403
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-404
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-405
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-406
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-407
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-408
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-409
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-410
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-411
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-412
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-413
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-414
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-415
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-416
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-417
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-419
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-420
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-422
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-423
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-424
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-425
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-426
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-427
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-428
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-429
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-430
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-431
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-432
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-433
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-434
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-435
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-436
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-437
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-438
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-439
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-440
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-441
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-442
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-443
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-444
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-447
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-448
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-449
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR80-450
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-451
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-452
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-453
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-454
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-455
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-456
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-457
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-458
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-459
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-460
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-461
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-462
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-463
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-464
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-465
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-466
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-467
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-468
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-469
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-470
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-471
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-472
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-473
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-474
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-475
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-476
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-477
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-478
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR81-479
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-480
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-481
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-482
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-483
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-484
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-485
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-486
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-487
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-488
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-490
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-491
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-492
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-493
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-494
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-496
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-497
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-500
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-501
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-502
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-503
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-504
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-505
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-506
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-507
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-508
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-509
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-510
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-511
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-512
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-513
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-514
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-515
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-516
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-517
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-518
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-520
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-521
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-522
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-523
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-524
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-525
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-526
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-527
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-528
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-529
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-530
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-531
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-532
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-534
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-535
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-536
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR82-538
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-519
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-537
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-539
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-540
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-541
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-542
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-543
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-544
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-545
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-546
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-547
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-548
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-549
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-551
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-554
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-555
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-556
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-558
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-559
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-560
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-561
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-562
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-563
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-564
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-565
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-566
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-568
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-569
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-570
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-571
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-572
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-573
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-574
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-575
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-576
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-577
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-578
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-579
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-580
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-581
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-583
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-584
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-585
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-586
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR83-587
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-582
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-588
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-589
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-590
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-591
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-592
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-593
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-594
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-595
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-596
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-597
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-598
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-599
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-600
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-601
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-602
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-603
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-604
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-605
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-606
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-607
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-608
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-609
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-610
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-611
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-612
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-614
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-615
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-616
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-617
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-618
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-620
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-621
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-622
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-623
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-624
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-625
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-626
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-627
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-628
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-629
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-630
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-631
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-632
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-633
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-634
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-635
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-636
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-637
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-638
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-639
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-640
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-641
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-642
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-643
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-644
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-645
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-646
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-647
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-648
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-649
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-651
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-653
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-654
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-655
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR84-656
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-613
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-650
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-652
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-657
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-658
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-659
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-660
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-661
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-662
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-663
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-664
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-665
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-666
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-667
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-668
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-669
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-670
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-671
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-672
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-673
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-674
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-675
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-676
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-677
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-678
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-679
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-680
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-681
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-682
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-683
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-684
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-685
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-686
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-687
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-688
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-689
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-690
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-691
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-692
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-693
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-694
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-695
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-696
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-697
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-698
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-699
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-701
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-702
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-703
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-704
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-705
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-706
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-707
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-708
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-709
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-710
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-711
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-712
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-713
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-714
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-715
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-716
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-717
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-718
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-719
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-720
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-722
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR85-724
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-725
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-726
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-727
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-728
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-729
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-730
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-731
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-732
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-733
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-734
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-735
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-736
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-737
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-738
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-739
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-740
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-741
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-742
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-743
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-744
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-745
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-746
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-747
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-748
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-749
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-750
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-751
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-752
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-753
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-754
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-755
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-756
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-757
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-758
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-759
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-760
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-761
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-762
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-763
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-764
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-765
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-766
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-767
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-768
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-769
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-770
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-771
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-772
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-773
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-774
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-775
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-776
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-777
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-778
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-779
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-780
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-781
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-782
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-783
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-784
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-785
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-786
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-787
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-788
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-789
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-790
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-791
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-792
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-793
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-794
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-795
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-796
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-797
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-799
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-800
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR86-801
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-803
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-804
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-805
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-806
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-807
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-808
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-809
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-810
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-811
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-812
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-813
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-814
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-815
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-816
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-817
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-818
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-819
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-820
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-821
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-822
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-823
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-824
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-825
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-826
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-827
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-828
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-829
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-830
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-831
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-832
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-833
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-834
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-835
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-836
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-837
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-838
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-839
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-840
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-841
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-842
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-843
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-844
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-845
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-846
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-847
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-848
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-849
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-850
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-851
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-852
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-853
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-854
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-855
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-856
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-857
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-858
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-859
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-860
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-861
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-862
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-863
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-864
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-865
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-866
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-867
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-868
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-869
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-870
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-872
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-873
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-874
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-875
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-876
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-877
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-878
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-879
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-880
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-881
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-882
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-883
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-884
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-885
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-886
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-887
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-888
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-889
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-890
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-891
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-892
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR87-893
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-894
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-895
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-896
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-897
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-898
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-899
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-900
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-901
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-902
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-903
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-904
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-905
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-906
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-907
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-908
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-909
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-910
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-911
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-912
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-913
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-914
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-916
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-917
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-918
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-919
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-920
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-921
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-922
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-923
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-924
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-925
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-926
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-927
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-928
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-929
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-930
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-931
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-932
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-933
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-934
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-935
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-936
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-937
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-938
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-939
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-940
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-941
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-942
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-943
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-944
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-945
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-946
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-947
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-948
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-949
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-950
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-951
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-952
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-953
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-954
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-955
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-956
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-957
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-958
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR88-959
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1000
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1001
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1002
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1003
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1004
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1005
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1008
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1009
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1010
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1011
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1012
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1013
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1014
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1015
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1016
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1017
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1018
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1019
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1020
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1021
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1022
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1023
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1024
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1025
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1026
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1027
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1028
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1030
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1032
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1033
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1034
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1035
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1036
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1037
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1038
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1039
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1040
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1041
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1042
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1043
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1044
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1046
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1049
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1050
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1051
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1052
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1053
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1054
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1055
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1056
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1057
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1058
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1059
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1060
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1061
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1063
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1064
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1065
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1066
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1067
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1068
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1069
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1071
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1072
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1073
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1074
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1075
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-1076
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-960
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-961
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-962
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-963
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-964
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-965
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-966
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-967
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-968
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-969
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-970
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-972
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-973
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-974
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-975
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-976
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-977
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-979
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-980
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-981
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-982
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-983
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-984
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-985
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-986
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-987
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-988
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-989
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-990
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-991
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-992
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-993
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-994
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-995
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-996
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-998
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR89-999
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1070
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1077
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1078
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1079
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1080
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1081
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1083
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1084
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1085
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1086
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1087
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1089
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1090
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1091
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1092
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1093
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1094
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1095
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1096
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1097
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1098
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1099
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1100
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1101
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1102
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1103
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1104
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1106
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1108
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1109
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1111
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1112
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1113
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1114
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1115
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1117
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1118
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1119
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1120
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1121
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1122
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1123
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1124
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1125
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1126
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1127
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1128
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1129
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1130
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1131
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1132
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1134
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1136
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1137
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1138
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1139
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1140
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1141
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1142
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1143
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1144
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1145
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1146
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1147
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1149
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1150
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1151
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1152
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1153
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1154
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1155
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1157
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1158
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1159
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1160
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1161
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1162
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1163
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1165
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1166
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1167
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1168
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1169
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1170
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1171
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1172
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1173
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1174
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1175
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1179
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1180
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1181
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1182
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR90-1183
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1184
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1185
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1186
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1187
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1193
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1194
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1196
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1197
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1198
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1199
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1200
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1201
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1202
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1203
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1204
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1206
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1207
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1208
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1209
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1210
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1212
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1213
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1214
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1215
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1217
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1218
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1219
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1220
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1222
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1223
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1224
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1225
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1226
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1229
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1230
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1231
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1232
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1233
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1234
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1235
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1236
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1237
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1238
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1240
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1241
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1242
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1243
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1244
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1245
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1246
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1247
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1248
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1249
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1250
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1251
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1252
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1253
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1254
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1256
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1257
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1258
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR91-1259
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1260
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1262
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1263
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1265
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1266
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1267
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1268
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1269
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1270
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1272
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1273
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1275
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1276
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1277
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1278
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1279
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1280
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1282
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1283
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1284
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1285
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1286
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1288
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1289
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1290
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1291
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1292
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1293
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1294
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1295
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1296
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1297
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1299
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1300
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1301
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1302
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1303
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1304
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1305
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1307
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1308
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1310
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1312
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1313
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1314
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1315
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1316
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1318
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1319
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1320
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1321
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1322
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR92-1323
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1326
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1327
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1328
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1329
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1330
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1331
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1332
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1333
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1334
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1335
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1337
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1338
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1339
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1340
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1341
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1342
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1343
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1344
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1345
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1346
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1347
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1348
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1349
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1350
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1351
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1352
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1353
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1354
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1355
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1356
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1357
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1358
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1359
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1360
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1361
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1362
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1363
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1364
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1365
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1366
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1367
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1368
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1369
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1370
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1371
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1372
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1373
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1375
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1376
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1377
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1378
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1379
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1380
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1381
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1382
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1383
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1384
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1385
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1386
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1387
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1388
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1389
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1390
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1391
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1392
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1393
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1394
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1395
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1396
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1397
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1398
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1399
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1400
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1401
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR93-1402
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1403
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1404
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1405
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1406
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1407
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1408
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1409
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1410
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1411
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1412
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1413
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1414
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1415
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1416
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1417
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1418
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1419
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1420
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1421
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1422
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1423
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1424
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1425
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1426
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1429
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1430
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1431
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1432
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1433
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1434
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1435
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1436
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1437
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1438
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1439
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1440
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1441
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1442
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1443
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1444
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1445
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1446
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1447
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1448
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1449
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1450
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1451
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1452
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1453
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1455
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1456
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1457
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1459
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1460
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1461
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1462
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1463
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1464
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1465
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1466
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1467
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1468
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1469
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1470
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1471
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1472
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR94-1473
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1474
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1475
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1476
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1477
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1478
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1479
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1480
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1481
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1482
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1483
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1484
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1485
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1486
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1488
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1489
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1490
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1492
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1493
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1495
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1496
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1497
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1498
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1499
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1500
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1501
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1502
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1503
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1504
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1505
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1506
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1507
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1508
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1509
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1511
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1512
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1513
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1514
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1515
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1516
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1517
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1518
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1519
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1520
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1521
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1522
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1523
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1524
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1525
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1526
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1527
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1528
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1529
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1530
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1531
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1532
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1534
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1535
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1536
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1537
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1538
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1539
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1540
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1541
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1542
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1543
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1544
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1545
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1546
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1547
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1548
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1549
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1550
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1551
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1552
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1553
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1554
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1555
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1556
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1557
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1558
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1559
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1560
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1561
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR95-1562
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1563
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1564
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1565
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1566
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1567
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1568
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1569
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1570
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1571
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1572
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1574
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1575
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1576
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1577
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1578
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1579
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1581
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1582
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1583
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1584
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1585
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1586
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1588
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1589
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1590
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1591
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1592
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1593
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1594
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1595
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1596
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1597
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1598
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1599
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1600
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1601
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1602
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1603
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1604
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1605
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1606
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1607
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1608
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1609
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1610
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1611
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1612
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1613
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1614
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1615
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR96-1616
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1617
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1618
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1619
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1620
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1621
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1622
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1623
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1624
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1625
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1626
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1627
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1628
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1629
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1630
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1631
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1632
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1633
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1634
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1635
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1636
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1637
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1638
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1639
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1640
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1641
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1642
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1643
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1644
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1645
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1647
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1648
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1649
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1650
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1651
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1652
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1653
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1655
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1656
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1657
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1658
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR97-1660
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1661
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1662
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1663
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1664
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1666
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1669
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1670
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1671
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1672
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1673
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1674
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1675
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1676
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1677
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1678
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1679
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1680
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1681
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1682
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1684
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1685
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1686
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1687
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1688
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1689
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1690
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1691
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1692
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1693
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1694
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1695
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1696
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1697
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1698
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1699
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1700
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1701
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1702
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1703
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1704
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1705
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1706
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1707
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1708
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1709
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1710
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1711
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1713
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1714
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1715
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1716
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1717
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1718
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1719
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1720
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1721
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1722
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR98-1723
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1724
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1725
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1726
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1727
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1728
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1729
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1730
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1731
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1732
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1733
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1734
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1735
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1736
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1737
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1738
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1739
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1740
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1741
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1742
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1743
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1744
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1745
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1746
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1747
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1748
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1749
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1750
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1751
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1752
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1754
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1755
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1756
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1757
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1758
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1759
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1760
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1761
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1762
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1763
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1764
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1765
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1766
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1767
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1768
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1769
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1770
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1771
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1772
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1773
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1774
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1775
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1776
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1777
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1778
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.cs/TR99-1779
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.htmm/2002-2
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.htmm/2003-3
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.htmm/2003-4
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.htmm/2003-6
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.htmm/2003-7
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.htmm/2004-8
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-270
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-271
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-272
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-273
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-274
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-275
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-276
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-277
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-278
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-279
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-280
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-281
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-282
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-283
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-284
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-285
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-286
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-287
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-288
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-289
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2003-290
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2004-291
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/2005-292
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/90-027
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/91-073
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/91-074
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-087
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-088
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-089
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-093
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-096
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-097
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-098
   2 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-099
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-100
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-102
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-104
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-105
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-106
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-107
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-108
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-109
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-110
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-111
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-113
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/92-115
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-117
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-121
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-123
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-127
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-129
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-130
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-132
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-136
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-137
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-140
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-143
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-144
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-145
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-146
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-151
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-155
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-156
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-159
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/93-161
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-164
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-166
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-170
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-171
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-172
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-174
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-175
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-176
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-178
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-179
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-180
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-181
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-183
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-185
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-187
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-188
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-189
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-190
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-191
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-194
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-195
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-196
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-197
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-198
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/94-201
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-203
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-204
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-205
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-206
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-207
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-209
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-211
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-212
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-213
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-214
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-215
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-216
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-217
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-218
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-219
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-220
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-221
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-223
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-224
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-225
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-226
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-227
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-228
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-229
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/95-230
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-231
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-232
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-233
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-234
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-236
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-237
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-238
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-239
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-240
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-241
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-242
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-244
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-245
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-247
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-248
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-249
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-250
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-251
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-252
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-253
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-254
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-255
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-256
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-258
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-259
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-260
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-261
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-262
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-263
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-264
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-265
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/96-266
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/97-267
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.tc/97-268
   1 http://techreports.library.cornell.edu:8081/Dienst/UI/1.0/Display/cul.wat/2004-2
   1 http://www.actforyouth.net/documents/ASHS_Proceedings.pdf
   1 http://www.diacritica.com/sobaka/2004/years.html
   1 http://www.diglib.org/forums/spring2005/presentations/kehoe0504.htm
   1 http://www.eas.cornell.edu/people/honorary/kaufman.cfm
   1 http://www.eself-learning-arabic.cornell.edu
   1 http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/mod/1595brest.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/MAS/
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/DisPolicy.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/colldev/mideast/crl-opac.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/laris/index.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/2005goals/index.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/AR2001FinalCULibVersion.pdf
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/AlumniAccessTaskForce.pdf
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/AnnoTact.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/CORCFinalReport.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/CORCatCornell.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/CUL-CITfinal.pdf
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/CULDigitalFuturesPlan.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/CULDigitalFuturesPlan2.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/CouncilLibs/Distributedreport080900.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/CouncilLibs/Pandolfimeeting.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/DLF_Report_8_2003.doc
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/DLfinal.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/DigitalFuture.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/Diglibfedrpt01.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/Diglibfedrpt02.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/DisabilityPolicy.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/Distance.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/EJMTFFinal.doc
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/ETDReport.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/GoalsObj2.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/InternalGrantsPgm2003.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/LawEnforcementAccess.pdf
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/Life%20Sciences%20Report.pdf
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/Maincover.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/MarciveReport.doc
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/NRRIGFinalReport.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/NRRIGFocusGroups.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/NRRIGUpdate.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/SWIntRep.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/TFonPatRecRet.doc
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/TOC.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/TSEG/e-journalPrelimReport41.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/TacticalPlan980826.html
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/goals_year1.doc
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/staffweb/strategy/
   1 http://www.library.cornell.edu/ulib/report98-99.html
   1 http://www.orthodoxinfo.com/ecumenism/encyc_1848.htm
   1 http://www.youthinsociety.human.cornell.edu/che/fldc/yis/research/cywp.html
   1 https://catalog.library.cornell.edu/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?BBID=3122791&DB=local
   1 https://catalog.library.cornell.edu/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?BBID=5813356&DB=local
   1 https://catalog.library.cornell.edu/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?BBID=6148957&DB=local
   1 https://catalog.library.cornell.edu/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?Search_Arg=TR147.L64+v.1&Search_Code=CALL_&PID=syVh_HsQYidXRNwZy7MNdv5lFwDoU&SEQ=20111026110106&CNT=50&HIST=1
   1 https://ecommons.cornell.edu/bitstream/handle/1813/36445/Marquis_Qian_2014_Corporate_Social_Responsibility_Reporting_in_China.pdf?sequence=1&isAllowed=y
   1 illustrated with a new map of the southern parts of America, engraved by Mr. Kitchin, hydrographer to His Majesty.   -  Provenance: Museum of the American Indian, Heye Foundation (bookplate); Huntington Free Library (stamp)
   1 in Cunningham, W. D., and Mann, P. (eds), Tectonics of Strike-Slip Restraining and Releasing Bends, Geological Society of London, Special Paper, 209, 285-303, 2007
   1 in Dilek, Y., and Pavlides, S., eds., Postcollisional Tectonics and Magmatism in the Mediterranean Region and Asia: Geological Society of America Special Paper 409, 2006
   1 in E. Boschi, E. Mantovani, and A. Morelli, eds., Recent Evolution and Seismicity of the Mediterranean Region, Kluwer Academic Publishers, NATO ASI Series, The Netherlands, 117-140, 1993
   1 in E. S. Husebye and A. M. Dainty, eds., Monitoring a Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, Kluwer Academic Publishers, The Netherlands, p. 197-224, 1996
   1 in Earle H. Waugh, Sharon McIrvin Abu-Laban and Regula Burckhardt Qureshi, Eds. Muslim Familes in North America. Alberta University Press, Edmonton (1991), pp. 132-147
   1 in K. R. McClay, ed., Thrust Tectonics and Hydrocarbon Systems: AAPG Memoir 82, p. 635-646, 2004
   1 in Muslim Democrat, 5, 1, 2003
   1 in Oxford Encyclopedia of the Islamic World. John Esposito, ed. Oxford University Press, New York (2009: Volume 2: 142 -148).
   1 in Oxford Encyclopedia of the Islamic World. John Esposito, ed., Oxford University Press, New York (2009: Volume. 2: 122 -129).
   1 in PeriTethys Memoir #6, Eds. Ziegler, P., Cavazza, W., Robertson, A., and Crasquin-Soleau, S., 441-467, 2001
   1 in ProMemoria, vol. I, nr. 1-2, Chișinău, 2011, pp. 35-43.
   1 in Seth Ward, ed. Women in Islamic and Judaic Societies. Holmes and Meier (2004)
   1 in Shan Language
   1 in Yvonne Haddad, Ed. The Muslims of America. Oxford University Press, New York, (1991), pp. 157-174
   1 jøbenhavn : Kittendorf & Aagard, 1867-1876.
   1 library Resources and Technical Services. Vol.23, No.1 Winter 1979 pp. 45-51
   1 multiple copies with call number:  KD56 .C81
  31 na
   1 no. 1 through 9, 9 through 15  (There are 2 pamphlets bound in with the no. "9" written on the cover page.  One is marked "dupl", but they aren't the same)
   1 only 1 item to be treated, all others were previously treated in 2003
   1 originally published in Dotterweich, J. (2006). Positive Youth Development Resource Manual. Ithaca, NY: ACT for Youth Center of Excellence
   1 otes: 	Binder’s title: Stephanii. Historiæ Danicæ.
   1 pp. 143-190
   1 pp. 191-224.
   2 pp. 522-548
   1 pp. 60-73 and 139-160
   1 processed erroneously as a pam bind, now needs extensive treatment.  Extremely brittle cover is  falling apart, pieces have been secured in an envelope, and entire item has been enclosed in bag for storage until treatment.
  18 proofs for plates IV. V, VI and VII as subsequently published in her husband's Traits elementaire de chimie (1789). Item numbers 16.1-16.10 and 17.1-17.9."
   1 recalled by RMC 12/10/2012, picked up and signed for by Anne Carson, 12/12/2012--- to be returned after 1/1/13, returned to lab for treatment on 1/17/2013, returned to RMC 1/30/2013 and signed for by Anne Carson
   1 ret'd to home dept, 4/9/2013, but no signature appears, however I believe Eric Feinstein picked it up
   1 returned to RMC and signed for by Anne Carson 6/19/2013
   1 returned to RMC, signed for by  Lance Heidig, 1/4/2013
   1 sent to scanning, 3/4/2013, ret'd from scanning 4/25/2013, returned lab to complete treatment 4/26/2013, returned from lab while jmb on vacation, no date recorded by staff, 5/23/2013, no before photos found, jmb /24/2013.
   1 the Near East Theological Seminary Series: Dialogue of Truth for Life Together (volume 3, 2013), (Arabic [63-94] and English [33-63)
   1 ummary: 	Papers consist largely of professional correspondence, his notes as a student, course and departmental files, field notes and bird observation charts, manuscripts of his articles and books, unpublished papers and reprints by other ornithologists, tape recordings, phonograph records and recordmasters, slides, glass plate negatives, half-tone printing blocks, lantern slides, photographs and films; topics documented include bird-banding, bird identification, slide and record sales, advice to prospective and former graduate students, lecture engagements and tours, professional meetings of organizations such as the American Ornithologists’ Union and the American Game Association (American Game Protective and Propogation Association), his expeditions to Panama, Hudson Bay, Labrador, Mexico and Alaska, wildlife conservation and game management, his friendship with Louis Agassiz Fuertes, his fifteen-year study of the raising of the ruffed grouse in captivity, his study of the ivory-billed woodpecker, and the acquisition, design, building, and operation of the Laboratory of Ornithology, Cornell University. Also included are personal papers, primarily correspondence with Elsa Guerdrum, whom he married in 1913, as well as correspondence with other family members, and genealogical tables of the Allen family.
   1 v.1, v.3/4 & v.15 sent for treatment
   1 v.1-3 in 5 volumes
   1 v.14-15 Oct. 11, 1862 issue  -- Returned to RMC & signed for by Anne Carson on 1/22/2013.
   1 v.5, Aug. 1862 c.2  -- Returned to RMC & signed for by Anne Carson on 1/22/2013.
   4  
   1 „Families in Europe between the 19th and the 21st Centuries. From  the Traditional Model to Contemporary PACS”. Supplement of the Romanian Journal of  Population Studies/ Antoinette Fauve-Chamoux, Ioan Bolovan (coord.). University Press, Cluj-Napoca, 2009, pp. 777-791.
   1 ĐheleĐk 3
   1 张颖 ， 孟睿思。“中国进入“赶超”的 下一阶段。”《中国经济报告》2015年第1期， 57-58。
   1 张颖 ，孟睿思。“中国企业的“快乐赶超”之旅。”《中国经济报告》2015年第1期， 58-59。
   1 孟睿思, 胡馨。 “从美国的经验预测中国身心灵市场的发。”《中国经济报告》2014年第11期，76-79。 
   1 孟睿思，张颖 。“社会企业责任与全球竞争力。”《中国经济报告》2015年第3期。
   1 孟睿思，杨一婧。“分享经济在中国的兴起。” 《中国经济报告》2014年第9期，109-111。
   1 孟睿思，杨一婧。“中国迎接“共享价值”时代。” 《中国经济报告》2014年第7期，115-116。
   1 孟睿思。“国产红酒品牌是一块试金石。”《人物》2013年第12期，41。
   1 孟睿思，杨一婧。“那些在中国失败的跨国公司。”《中国经济报告》2014年第10期，80-81。 
